our landmark tree in town was about to be destroyed and cleared for a new mall .
so we decided to take the day to go out and enjoy its beauty .
to see the final glimpse of the roots , extending out into the depths of the hill .
and its magnificent trunk , larger than life itself .
one last picture of its beauty so we could capture it forever .
we found this tree when we were walking in a nearby town .
it turns out it is a popular attraction here .
the tree is very unusual , with its roots exposed .
the trunk was really wide , as much as 12 feet !
you can see how big these roots are - pretty amazing !
pictures of a tree are taken .
the top of the tree is taken .
another part of the tree mostly the roots .
some more different parts of the tree .
and some more parts of the tree is taking .
they went to the botanic gardens specifically to see the large tree .
there was an informational sign posted near it .
the roots were huge and spread out over the ground .
the trunk was incredibly thick and rigid .
the large roots were almost as thick as the trunk .
we went to see the largest tree in the country .
the plack under it had some interesting information .
there was a good view of the water from the tree as well .
i was dwarfed by the tree 's size .
in the end we went over to the visitor center .
our trip to location last year was filled with beauty . sculptures could be found everywhere we went .
the architecture was old and interesting .
since it was spring , beautiful flowers lined the streets . this pink bloom was particularly lovely .
we went to a museum and saw this odd collection of hanging faces !
i 'd have to say my favorite part of the trip would have to be the food though . we ca n't wait to go back again !
the monuments in the city were wonderful .
others made you think a little bit .
the architecture was also great .
the statues were so well made and defined .
after a long day of admiration , we wrapped it up with delicious food .
i went on vacation this past year .
i saw some really cool buildings .
there were some flowers unique to the area too .
i also went to a museum where there was this creepy head floating exhibit .
afterwards i had some great food before i headed home !
the family visited location for the summer .
we visited a museum with many floors of art .
before we entered the museum , we noticed the beautiful flowers in a garden .
inside the museum , porcelain heads hanged from the ceiling .
after visiting the musuem , the family decided to eat a restaurant nearby . i ordered mashed potatoes with vegetables and beef wellington .
a large monument in the center of town .
a statue that is in park .
very old church in the beautiful town square .
a statue that is standing tall .
dinner after a day of sightseeing .
[male] and i were excited to be in location location during the 4th of july .
there was a huge crowd of people already awaiting the firework show .
we were lucky to find a nice spot on the grass to watch the show .
as the evening grew darker the crowd was gearing up to enjoy the show , with a great view of the location location .
i was able to capture a great photo of the grand finale of the firework show .
the two friends went to a new location
they arrived at the festival and was surprised to see alot of people
the festival went off without a hitch
after it was over that evening people stayed to see a show
the show went off without a hitch and the fireworks were beautiful
i met up with a friend in location .
we had lunch and then visited the [male] [male] statue .
after visiting the organization statue , we sat on some grass at a park .
a few other people began to show up to the park . many of them mentioned a fireworks show .
my friend and i stayed around for the fireworks show .
my two best friends [male] and [male] came to event today !
there was a huge turnout for presidents day ! [male] and [male] were so excited .
we had our own little spot on the grass .
soon it got dark and [female] arrived in her cute flower dress .
fireworks ! yay ! we sat back and had a good old time .
always great to visit our nation 's capital .
large crowds had gathered on the steps of the location location
relaxing and enjoying the well manicured national mall
as the sky darkened , it was almost time for the show .
the fireworks were the best that we had ever seen
the city in 1940 decided to build a water dam .
over 100 's of construction trucks .
the city dam was used to generate power to the city .
the construction workers began leveling the ground for the water dam .
water pumps were used to control the water flow of the dam .
the construction workers were at work .
the crane was lifting something up
it was a large rock .
the crane went back to work .
there were a lot of cranes at the work site .
it was a simpler time indeed
the men worked long hours to provide modern marvels we love today
lots of men were killed and the family 's were devastated
the men weeped as they buried their brothers
and he finally built the very first washing machine
we took the old wooden bridge to get to the job site to start our day .
we fired up the machinery and got to work .
we were building a new waterway for the reservoir to spill into .
it was a long hot day , but we stayed busy .
finally , we added some chemicals to the new water filtration system .
in the old days , it was difficult building bridges .
the crane proves to be the most reliable device for these jobs .
however , moving equipment and supplies proved to be a difficult task .
sometimes jobs went incomplete due to the lack of supplies .
this job does n't look like it will finish .
my father visited location for the summer .
he visited a small temple .
he encountered many great people on his visit .
a few of the individuals he took pictures of were camera shy .
inside the temple you could see the beautiful hand carved and painted murals .
heritage and history are important things to the world .
it 's nice to be able to look back and see how things are , how they were , and how they 've changed to get here .
so much of what people believe shapes the future .
every generation leaves their mark , and we look for the youth to decide what their 's is going to be .
everyone has a chance to change things for the better .
i took a trip to location .
i visited with a lot of children from an orphanage .
i also learned a lot about jewish tradition .
the kids were all very sweet .
i became very close to those at the orphanage .
i had the opportunity to travel with a photographer friend of mine to location . i brought my camera to take photos too !
we visited many places , some so beautiful in very subtle ways .
my friend introduced me to his group of friends , who were also photographers .
afterwards , we met a nice woman who explained that she was much too shy to have her photo taken .
so i decided to practice my craft on a wall mural instead !
my buddy rich and i took photos of the locals in the country .
they had beautiful places of worship unlike anything we 've seen in location .
our photography team was huge because we had a lot of places to cover .
unfortunately some people did n't want their photo taken .
the last image i took before running out of memory was this beautiful mosaic . i was floored on the deftness of artistry by these people .
the couple took a picture .
his wife was pregnant .
they took a silly picture .
they later went on a hike .
they got a picture of her behind a mountain .
we took a nice hike into the forest today .
we were lucky enough to see some wildlife , like this deer .
this guy was friendly . he must hit up all the hikers for food .
i 'm glad we spotted this snake before we got too close !
the end of our hike rewarded us with an amazing view of the falls !
we were having a wonderful vacation before the arrival of my baby .
i am getting so big , i am just about ready to pop !
i heard meditation is supposed to help with the birthing process .
what a lovely beautiful scenery , right ? !
those mountains are wonderful !
it was a beautiful day in the forest .
we saw deer running very close to us .
i fed a squirrel and it seemed very hungry .
a snake came out of nowhere and scared me .
the scenery from the top of the mountain was breathtaking .
giant sequoia tree and red woods in the forest .
a young deer scampers about in the woods .
grey squirrel holding some food with his paws .
the snake slithers quietly through the underbrush .
beautiful picture taken of a river running through the valley .
the family celebrated our 2 year old birthday .
our 2 year old is a [female] baby .
we rented a fun house to jump in .
our eldest daughter did n't seem to get tired .
the loving man in our lives reminded us of the importance of family .
my husband 's work at a company picnic that we took our son to enjoy .
it was a great day for a picnic , and the food was delicious !
[male] especially loved his super cool new cup that we bought especially for the day .
there was a great bounce house at the picnic for the kids .
the kids were having a blast jumping in the bounce house , even if falling down was inevitable !
today our child just turned one on independence day.. we are just so happy .
our child was so aware .
after he ate he started to drink out his new sippy cup .
the jumper finally came and it was so bouncy .
the kids enjoyed their self and i am happy .
this was the first time my sister saw my son .
he seemed to like the company of his new relatives .
we rented a bounce castle and just let him go wild .
he could n't walk , let alone jump but he was having a good time regardless .
my sister and her husband took a final picture with him before we departed .
[male] 's birthday party started today .
he was drinking his milk until he spotted something .
he watched his sisters play on the bounce house .
he was sad that he could n't bounce in the house .
he was happy when he got a lovely hug .
it was pioneer day and we were dressed and ready for the parade .
the kids were ready to pass out candy at the parade .
i pulled my truck up and hooked the float on .
we had a great float this year .
we all posed for one last group picture at the end of the day .
our town celebrated founders day with a parade .
wow it like looking at members of the organization organization organization !
mom rode on a float dressed from the 1800 's , she looked so good .
even the kids helped out . my nieces and nephews love founders day .
all in all it was worth all the work to make the parade happen . what a great day !
a couple of friends decided to dress up and live like the amish for a day for the city event .
our friends encouraged us to participate . the family was not easily amused .
the city put on an event for us to come out and participate .
we cooked with old utensils and very few ingredients .
at the end of the day , we all appreciated that what we have now we have taken for granted .
the parade members dressed up in full garb .
the patriotic kids climbed aboard the truck .
the parade winded through the town .
there were some very unique floats .
the family gathered for a group photo at the end .
the two men pose in costume before the parade .
the children ride on a parade float together .
the white truck pulls one of the floats in the parade .
the float is decorated in american colors .
after the parade the cast poses together .
some are raised to believe that the world takes all kinds of people to make it go 'round .
our group of friends certainly demonstrates that adage to be true .
there are always interesting moments to be found for those hanging around any of us .
moments that you are n't quite sure what is going on , and are n't really sure you want to know either .
but everything is always in good fun , and we enjoy hanging out .
we were walking down the street and were stopped by a homeless man .
he was offering sexual favors for money but he had herpes all over his lips .
my girl showed him how he should be advertising .
this pop bottle exploded at just the right time .
i was in shock watching it all .
this my friend [female] and she 's a model . she always have me take her picture without her looking .
we all finally got together for a few .
my friend got caught off guard with a popsicle in her mouth . it was too funny .
this my zombie face .
my best friend had me laughing so hard . what a day !
our friends went out on the town .
[male] was n't expecting the ice cream to be so cold .
[female] was making some suggestive moves on her ice cream .
we also pulled a prank with some coke bottles .
i was n't too amused .
the woman smokes a cigarette before the meal .
she sits with her friends and enjoys the weather .
after eating she orders a push pop for desert .
her friend enjoyed his as well .
after the meal the friends go for a walk on the street as it rained .
the city held a carnival for 4th of july . the family attended .
many vendors were present at the carnival .
the family really enjoyed riding the ferris wheel .
our teen children got on the spin-o-whirl .
at the end of the night , the carnival closed with a fireworks show .
at the fair , there was a lot of different foods to eat .
then there was a midway with games to play .
there were rides that spun people around in the air .
after that we came to a giant pirate ship that went back and forth .
finally , we came to a giant ferris wheel .
before we do anything else , let 's get a snack .
what a view from up in the cable cars !
we spin from top to bottom in the ferris wheel .
now , we spin the other way , but it 's a lot faster !
to end the night , we watch the fireworks display . what an awesome day !
everyone was a little hungry so we decided to get something to eat
after eating , we went on the line to purchase tickets .
all the kids love enjoying the rides .
the sliding boat was a good ride . everyone enjoyed this ride
the kids went on the wonder wheel by themselves
while visiting my brother , he took my mom and me to the local boardwalk .
the place was pretty cool ! they had booths for games and food .
they also had some awesome rides !
i saw one that was like a ship that swung you back and forth .
my mom only wanted to get on the ferris wheel though .
there was a parade going on .
there were a lot of different costumes .
there was a wide variety of floats .
some of them were old cars .
a school band came next .
our family was in our town 's 4th of july parade this year to celebrate the holiday . these were our local organization organization .
this is my uncle dressed as a historical civil war general in the parade waving to the crowd .
this was my dad walking with pride next to the patriotic float .
the kids were also on this float with their dad waving to the crowd .
to end the parade and the amazing day , this was the beautiful fireworks display that the family enjoyed .
men are holding the flag of the untied states .
a another man saying a speech to the crowd .
others are out supporting the location with posters and decorations .
more people supporting with decorations all over their cars .
the band comes out and starts to play music for the parade .
i 've been all around the world this week . first i was in location watching a soldier march .
then i went to location to watch reenactments of the war .
the next day i was in location location for the all american parade . this is [male] .
hi kids ! my kids jumped on a float and they rode it all the way down main street ! way to go kids !
later on that night there was fireworks ! god bless location !
i took some photos from a parade i went to last week .
this guy was so into it and was having a blast .
everyone looked like they were having fun .
these kids were fighting over the flag but finally stopped .
the fireworks were beautiful to look at .
we took the kids to a huge outdoor event to view the fireworks for the 4th of july .
as the evening grew darker , we were all excited for the firework show to start .
the kid 's especially loved that they were able to use sparklers while they waited for the show .
i was able to get a great photo of the family enjoying the show .
the grand finale lit up the sky , and i managed to get this last photo before my camera 's battery died .
the little kids were mesmerized and anticipating the upcoming fireworks !
as the night went on , the smiles got even larger as the night went on .
the fireworks were fantastic .
the kids did n't take their eyes off of them .
later , we made a campfire to roast marshmallows .
the little guys had a comfy seat for the festivities !
it got dark quick and brought out the blankets !
we loved the light show !
everyone was dazzled by the firework display !
the amazing fireworks made us feel great inside to see !
the waiting was almost too much for the organization organization citizens .
finally the pyrotechnic pros from the parent hood showed up .
now it was time to party at the annual kids rave ! the ceremonial first sparkler was lit .
the kids watched the sky with awe and a little shock . their eyes grew huge at the spectacle .
the sight of all the hypnotizing colors bursting around them was a total blast for kid town !
it was a tricky day at the park with two kids who just wanted to nap all afternoon .
of course , when evening came and my wife and i wanted to nap , the kids wanted to run around .
this would be fine if fire and sparklers were n't involved .
finally , everyone settled to watch the fireworks .
it was nice to hear loud explosions , which covered the sound of the kids nicely .
our grandfather cooked the family dinner .
we had a house filled with all the family and guests .
the best dish was the strawberry cheesecake .
the family discussed how happy they were to see each other .
my brother was being a goofball . he tried to kiss our father .
it was a rather crowded in the office get together .
the boss was known for his magnificent meals so everyone showed up .
nobody wanted to miss this wonderful event .
cindi loved her boss 's cooking but was especially fond of the strawberry dessert he made every year .
she got too much on her plate and fed some to a fellow coworker .
we went to the cooking festival .
it was quite crowded .
we had to fight to get a seat .
we spotted some friends .
they goofed around and had a few beers .
today is the big celebration and everyone is here to support .
the chef put his hand in the air , because it was time to surrender the food . he is so funny .
it started to get real crowded and the party turned out huge .
the food was delicious .
they threw the best party ever and it was a day to remember .
friends and family gathered together at a large 4th of july party .
they hired a professional chef to cater the event .
the group was quite large and people were very active and friendly and enjoyed mingling with one another .
some people helped to serve the food to the guests .
couples and friends posed for cute photos together .
the kids were part of the fourth of july parade .
we pulled them along the road .
they were so happy to be part of the great celebrations that day .
they ended the parade with a race derby .
the cops watched on on top of their horses much to the children 's delight .
little [male] 's bicycle was all decorated for the parade .
even the little doggies were feeling patriotic .
some of the other families were lined up and ready to go .
the police were ready to start up the parade .
the local young drivers club was ready to get started .
we look forward to the recycling parade every year .
all the kids bring recycled floats and march down the streets .
there 's a contest , but nobody gets too competitive -- it 's all about fun !
there 's a special area for kids with tiny cars to show off in .
thankfully all the fun is kept safe by our local police force .
families come out for a fun-filled july 4th parade .
kids are encouraged to participate in their own `` floats . ''
others stand by and watch .
some even drive tiny cars !
police stand by on horseback to the delight of many kids .
getting my bike decked out for the 4th of july
the dogs in the parade were so cute !
homemade wagon floats were a great conversation piece .
officers on horseback provided us with safe passage .
the race for the children at the end was so much fun !
there was a parade going on . there were bulls in the parade .
a person went down the road in a horse .
more horses followed .
next came the old cars .
then people going acrobatics came down the route next .
the beginning of the show started off tame and nice
then they started things off fiery with this red firework
then it started to get interesting and elaborate
towards the end of the show they started showing these twin fire works
and finished it off with location themed fireworks
passing by , we saw this fairly large group of people with pink flags and uniforms performing .
it was quite a performance to watch .
they were followed up by a group of cows !
and then horse back riders and huge horses !
finally , a car in the end had a sign which paid tribute to a person who had passed . what a great way to remember a great person , a chance for fun in the community !
the festival was a blast .
the girls did a fabulous flag march .
the animals were also involved in the show .
horses were used for tricks ,
and there was a great vintage car display .
this weekend me and my friends went to rodeo camp to learn how to be cowboys
thats me riding a horse . i am finally geting the hang of this
then i learned to ride a white horse while everyone was watching me
a group of people in a car drove by and they had a sign that said never forget .
i was asked to join a parade after to show my riding skills . during the parade there was girl doing flips .
the parade was about to start .
first came the police .
then came the band down the street .
some of the band members had bells on there legs to make noise .
next in line came the flag team .
the military parade was a big hit .
there were all kinds of people there .
they were marching with pride .
this woman was waving a flag .
it ended with a fireworks show .
military members march in line at a memorial day parade .
here is a close up detail of the many tassels on a uniform worn in the parade .
a man in a blue outfit extends his hand out to the crowd as he smiles .
a woman flag bearer holds her flag steady as she marches on .
a view of the city skyline as darkness settles in for the night .
today , there was a parade held out on the grounds .
the details of the costumes were very exquisite .
it 's nice to see the participants enjoying themselves .
the flag bearers were also very enthusiastic .
before long , it was already nighttime and we went home .
we settled roadside for the start of the parade .
the police started the parade off as they rode in on motorcycles .
they were followed by the military , as they carried flags in .
there were some neat costumes in this parade .
the marching band also showed off their talents .
we took suzie to the parade and she was making silly faces before it began .
the parade started with this amazing car that a friend of mine helped paint .
i loved seeing the support for our troops during the parade .
this was an especially special moment when my dad , a war veteran , got to walk in the parade and wave at all the people .
after the parade we headed over to the carnival and to this awesome tent that had a petting zoo .
the parade was to bring new green technology to our town .
the governor was part of the festivities .
the farmers went down the parade in thier farming machines .
everyone was amazed at the cool tools the farmers brought .
the parade was peppered with patriotic signs .
the town came out for the fourth of july parade .
the parade included decorative cars .
even some military attire was showcased .
the town supervisor came out to greet everyone there .
the carnival tent was set up to provide fun for the kids on this great day .
parade day is here .
the floats are all coming out .
many people are marching .
others are just cheering people on .
after there is a carnival to attend .
families and kids came to celebrate at the local festival .
this car was painted to look like the american flag .
a man in an old military uniform marched down the street .
grandpa saw one of his neighbors and waved to get their attention .
a small circus tent was set up for the event .
the fireworks started when it was dark enough to see the colors .
the fireworks started with purple and white lights .
the colors changed the show went on for several minutes .
our favorites with the red fireworks because they stood out .
the end of the show was peppered with several colors .
it was fourth of july night .
everything was still quiet .
suddenly a bright light launched into the sky .
fireworks started exploding left and right .
they filled up the sky with color and bright light .
i took some photos last weekend on my trip to see fireworks .
look at these fireworks ! i could n't believe how many there were .
this one reminded me of a star in the sky .
this one looked like a water fountain . how cool !
the show was so much fun and i wish i could go again .
tonight we had fireworks in the city .
it was a sight to behold !
many different colors were shooting in the sky .
we really enjoyed the sparklers .
the grand finale was the best though !
we all decided to go and watch the fireworks show at the park .
there were a lot of fireworks and lots of colors .
some were n't as big or bright as others .
everyone had a good time watching them .
this was one of our favorites . it lit up the entire sky !
they took there dog out with them to the park .
the owner took a picture with the dog .
the dog rolled around and enjoyed the heat .
then she got something put on her head . she did not like this at all .
she sadly looked at the camera , not knowing what to do with the things on her head .
there are dog lovers and then there are dog lovers . and then there is my sister ...
and her husband . they have two kids , both are black labs .
and both know just how to get what they want .
they are so playful . they may be big but they are just a couple of toddlers rolling around in the grass .
and they are in no way spoiled ... .um yeah ... ok .
it was a fun day at location location with my dog ...
... and my husband !
the gift shop was amazing -- i bought something for the dog .
the weather was great and the dog loved being in the sun .
here is a close-up wearing a headband from the gift shop .
my dog and i are out celebrating together .
he and i are just sitting around , enjoying the nice day .
when my dog was hurt he was given this contraption to help him walk .
that does n't stop him from rolling around in the grass , however .
at the end of the day it 's clear he 's tired and has enjoyed himself .
seating down in the shade .
hugging her puppy .
playing in the grass .
trying on hats .
ready for the 4th of july parade .
the dog happily wanted the give the ball to the child
and the child wanted to throw the ball so the dog could chase it
however the dog wanted a nap
so it decided to go inside
pose and then later , take a nap
we brought the dogs over to mom 's house today .
everyone always loves to see them . they get more attention than we do !
the dogs also like to visit because they can run all over the place ...
and the kids love to play with them !
everyone had a great time . they want us to come back soon .
we adopted a new golden retriever .
we decided to intoduce him to the other pets .
he did n't want to play with the other dogs .
he wanted to play with our son instead .
they bonded very quickly .
this is brownie , our new lab/golden retriever mix . she loves kids , and obviously wants [male] to play with her !
[male] is a little nervous of the new dog , and reaches gingerly for the ball in her mouth .
[male] decided he did n't want to play fetch after all . now brownie has laid down with the ball to pout .
after a rest and some treats , brownie is feeling much happier .
brownie feels right at home with us . we 're really going to enjoy being her new owners .
[male] the golden retriever was excited to visit his friends ! first he said hi to paulie the chihuahua who was sitting in his owners lap .
then he went to say hi to tito but he was getting a lot of attention from his owner .
paulie and tito started chasing each other around the field ,
while [male] said hi to the little humans ! the little human was skeptical and so was [male] .
but the little humans loved paulie and wanted to take him home .
the fireworks started with the red light .
then they followed the show with green fireworks .
the white fireworks were the most clear in the sky .
the end of the show had the flag colors .
after the patriotic colors , they exploded white-colored fireworks .
the first fireworks were let off in a burst .
then they created a cloud like effect .
then multiple fireworks were let off at different times .
more and more were getting launched .
a crazy effect was done with them .
i went to see fire works for the 4th of july this year with my family .
the show was real good this year .
we saw some pretty impressive displays before but these were amazing .
the fire work show lasted for about 30 minutes .
the finale was spectacular . my family was real happy to see them again this year .
the fourth of july fireworks were spectacular this year .
there were a variety of colors that lit up the sky .
at one point , the fireworks covered the entire viewing area .
as the finale approached , more and more fireworks filled the sky .
the finale was our favorite part , and everyone stared in amazement .
went to the fireworks tonight with my friends .
the fireworks were huge and we had a really great view of them .
there was a ton here , more than usual !
the fireworks were of all different colors and sizes , it was really cool .
i had a great time , the finale of the fireworks was awesome !
the start of the show had smaller fireworks .
as the show went on they got bigger .
the explosions also got more complex .
soon multiple fireworks were launched to create combined effects .
the end of the show saw massive explosions of fireworks .
sitting under the dark sky , wondering at the heavens and suddenly a firework lights the sky .
it streaks across the blackness .
dousing everyone in it 's radiant light .
spreading enjoyment to all who view the colorful creations .
the marvelous light shows are hard not to love , and are looked forward to year after year .
the fireworks were a gem this year .
the yellow bursts seemed closer than they were .
they expanded my view of the sky .
it seemed much brighter up there ,
in the dark night sky .
the beginning of the fireworks was n't so bright .
this one looked like a jellyfish to everyone
we all thought this one looked like a ferris wheel stuck on fast .
the colors were great for some .
the reds ones were the best .
the fireworks begin to go off .
the crowds ooh and ahh around .
everyone is impressed by the display .
now it is the grand finale
look at all of those fireworks !
i always enjoy paying a visit to organization organization .
seeing the control panel on some of the old equipment can be fascinating .
i am always very tempted to turn one of the dials to see what it will do .
some of the equipment is so tall that it can almost touch the ceiling .
after my visit , i was treated to an evening fireworks display .
our skies have long held mysteries for us , and fascinated us with their possibilities .
we construct places to observe and record what information we find .
and search for whatever might be lurking out there in the depths of space .
we are n't able to actually venture out beyond our satellite yet , but in the meantime our own skies can be alluring .
we 'll celebrate in the hope of one day finding more out there , and to enjoy what we have now .
today i went to organization organization .
i saw old spitz stuff that looked ancient . like this defibrayakmalater . it was so weird ! i wandered over to this odd knob .
it was a hydracodolene radio knob . it could shock the hair right off your body !
next i saw a spackumpeepoopadic ! it could beam you into space ! ! i did n't attempt to use it out of fear . it came on though so i ran out of there !
where did the day go ! after running out of the building i ran straight into the view of awesome fireworks ! !
old controls of lab equipment in the museum
a larger shot of the lab equipment
some knob that i have no idea what it was used for
some more lab equipment
fireworks at the end of the day
we went to look at things in a museum .
we saw old control panels .
look at this old knob !
there were even satellites at the museum .
then we saw fireworks .
our new puppy is the sweetest thing ever .
he 's already chewing on everything so we 're planning on getting him some toys .
he spends most of his time passed out on my sister 's bed .
sometimes he gets up though to play . he loves this empty water bottle .
it does n't take him long though to tire himself out and pass out . i hope he stays this small forever !
this is our new puppy , [female] !
he 's a playful little guy and likes to chew .
i tried giving him an empty soda pop bottle , and he really enjoyed it !
when he 's not running about , he 's usually sleeping .
i just ca n't get enough of his cute face !
when we took little [female] home she was initially pretty nervous .
she thought her water bowl was a chew toy at first .
all that chewing tuckered her out pretty quickly .
when [female] woke up , she found a new thing to chew on -- caught in the act !
welcome to our home , [female] -- take a nap !
the dog is being held up , and loved .
the dog will put anything in his mouth
the dog loves to snuggle up in the sheets .
the dog is playing with a clear bottle .
the dog is very tired from all the playing .
my new puppy maybelle has an adorable face , she just fits in my two hands .
maybelle is trying out her puppy teeth on a plastic container , she will never get through it .
oh look how cute she is napping .
puppy versus plastic bottle . who will win ? maybelle looks determined , she might win .
puppies need lots of rest . maybelle is no exception , she will snooze the night away . i am so happy to have such a sweet dog .
the man and his kid were on the ride .
he was excited .
the kid was not .
the ride shot up into the air .
the man was having a great time .
my family and i went to the location location today .
my brother and i always have fun on the rides .
my brother also enjoys climbing up the castle .
for the younger kids , the petting zoo is a favorite place to spend a couple hours .
later in the day , there is always some great live music to enjoy .
my friend gives me a sign as he waits for the ride to begin .
he is smiling as the ride goes up .
he looks over at the scared-looking boy next to him .
he gives a shout as the ride races downward .
when it is done , he smiles because it was fun .
i recently went to the amusement park and went on this ride with my friend
we were having so much fun strapped in to this ride
we were getting ready to blast off to the sky
what a wild ride this is . so much excitement
there i go up to the sky . holding on for dear life !
it was a beautiful day when we decided to go to the fair .
my brothers were pretty terrified when they rode this ride .
later in the afternoon we did some rock climbing .
my daughter is seem here chatting with the daughter of one of the migrants who work at the fair .
at the end of there day there was a great concert put on by some old geezer .
there was a fire in the mini grill to get things rolling
and a attractive man holding a beer to attract the people to his home
and various meat to keep them coming to his house
when the man bent over to hand the women a sandwich she almost fainted
but she recovered her cool as there were many other people in attendance
our manly grill set up on the sidewalk .
[male] looked a little worse for wear , but he decided to cook anyway .
our burgers ready to hit the grill .
[male] did n't have much room , but he made it work .
some of the neighbors came over once it got dark .
they were having a bbq .
they had beer to go with it .
they got the burgers and other meat ready .
the guy cooked the meat on the small grill .
the party went into the night .
today was my grand barbeque ! here 's my tiny grill .
[male] agreed to be the chef .
he was a little drunk when he put the burgers and brats on .
he cooked them way too long but we ate them anyways .
later on we all stood in a circle and talked shit about each other . it was a fun night .
the grill is getting hot .
and while he is waiting he is drinking his beer .
the burgers are ready to be grilled .
and she is excited .
friends are gathering to eat .
we waited for sundown so that we could watch the fireworks show .
finally , the show started !
the colors of the fireworks were beautiful .
we stayed and watched the whole show .
there was a lot of smoke in the sky afterwards .
how can anyone ever pick a favorite firework display .
the every changing nature of the different explosions of light are part of the allure .
seeing violet flowers bloom in the night sky .
only to see them replaced by rainbows of fire dancing before your eyes .
no , it 's impossible to pick just one and enjoyment of them all is the best course .
my family and i went to watch some fireworks , we arrived right at dusk .
the first fireworks were big and colorful .
i loved the teal colored ones .
the finale had multi colored fireworks , they were my favorite .
afterwards there was lots of smoke .
for the 4th of july firework display , we found a viewing spot by the church .
shortly after we sat down , the fireworks began .
bright lights filled the sky !
the finale was spectacular and left us in awe .
after the display ended , smoke filled the sky .
the local church was having a fireworks show .
we decided to go have a look . there were a lot of different colors on display .
i really enjoyed the green fireworks .
other people liked the rainbow ones best .
afterwards , there was a lot of smoke above the church .
the baby was having a great time . he even had a cute hat .
mommy got baby out of the stroller .
mommy then held him up so he could see .
what did the baby see ?
the baby kept looking in the distance . he was really curious .
it was tommy 's first parade .
his parents all situated themselves in a position were tommy could see the best .
his grandma held him up so he could see all the cool attractions .
[male] 's favorite part was the yellow car .
he was equally excited about the animals in the parade .
my wife and i decided to take our child [female] on a stroll down the city .
here 's my wife holding [female] . is n't she a cutie ?
[female] , say cheese ! hahaha . she 's not old enough to stand yet .
looks like [female] 's getting a little bit grumpy .
coochie coochie coo , [female] ! cheer up , buttercup !
[male] was excited to see the parade that morning !
the parade turned the corner toward us
giving [male] a better view of the procession
a yellow bug makes it 's way past
[male] loved the beautiful horses
we put the baby in the car seat and got ready to go .
people were starting to arrive in town already .
we took turns holding the baby so everyone could watch the show .
there was a parade with a lot of cars .
people rode on horses and were dressed in all sorts of things .
it was the 4th of july , and a party was soon to begin .
one patron was very happy about the accomodations .
[female] was dismissive of [male] after he had too many adult beverages .
there was something in the air causing people to contort their bodies .
the band played a 56 minute version of `` freebird '' to close out the night .
our neighbors invited us over for the fourth of july . they assured us it would be a hoot . when we arrived , they had already brought out the booze .
they jokingly tried to show us where he stores his liquor !
we met some new people while we were there .
there were delicious hamburgers to eat . we all ate our fill .
finally , someone brought out a box for fireworks . it was a great time !
happy 4th ! i put this banner up today .
my husband [male] was so happy he made little burgers and got drunk .
[female] and [male] stopped by and ate little burgers too .
[male] and [female] got a little too wasted and started dirty dancing . they eventually had sex in the yard .
later on a band played . where they came from i have no idea but it was fun !
woman and man hugging
woman pointing at man 's stomach
two man walking o the street
man about to eat the food
man pointing to the top
it was independence day in the lawson house and everywhere in the location
[male] cooked us his famous sliders he serves in his restaurant .
charlize and [male] came with appropriately weird facial expressions .
i brought my crazy weird girlfriend home for the first time and sure enough , weirdness ensued .
by night , my other brother brought his band to perform music . it was a great independence day .
the first firework was let off .
first they were small .
then they got bigger and more complex .
in the middle there was a `` break . '' they let off a few smaller ones .
towards the end the fireworks got so intense that the sky was filled with smoke .
it was time for the fireworks display to begin .
they had green ones with white streaks .
then there were red and green ones that shot into the sky .
after that , they had large white ones .
then it was time for the grand finale with many different types .
it 's july 4th !
a crowd settles in to watch fireworks .
the fireworks were beautiful .
they came in many colors .
the fireworks show ended in a huge finale of red white and blue explosion !
as i grabbed my camera , the fireworks began .
with a boom , two red fireworks burst in the night sky .
i was in awe as i snapped pictures of the event .
another red burst of fireworks in the sky .
this was my favorite of my pictures . these colors made the night brighten up like daytime .
the first fireworks went up as a start to a bombastic show .
we saw explosions of fire red .
others were eloquent like explosions of green .
others felt more passionate , like dark orange and maroon .
the last was a bit of everything and it all lit the sky .
i love to name my photos of fireworks . i call this one red flowers .
this one is called disco ball .
this one looked like a porcupine .
i called this one gumball machine .
last but not least is tangled christmas lights .
things were a bit calm with these double firework
then it became a little more intense with bigger fireworks
and it continued on with another american themed color
and then the fireworks were going everywhere when they turned the show up to a 6
then things got even crazier as the show ended
the firework show started with a small purple burst .
then it became a multi colored show with blue and orange .
the sky lit up with a multitude of blue bursts .
the finale began with many different bursts that filled the sky .
the sky looked beautiful with the different colors and it got very loud at the end .
on the fourth of july , we went to go see the fireworks .
there were lots of different looking ones . some were orange .
there were even some turquoise ones !
there were some weird fireworks that looked wild .
the finale was fantastic and extra bright .
the fireworks were bright and beautiful ,
they exploded in the sky ,
with bright colors of pink ,
and multiple colors bundled in one burst .
the night sky was filled with joy .
crowd gathered and everyone was waiting for fourth of july fireworks !
people gathered , visited and watched the clock waiting .
finally it got dark out , and everyone looked to the skies in anticipation .
the fireworks were amazing !
people walked home in groups happy after a night of fun !
we went downtown to watch the fireworks display at night .
everyone waited for the sun to go down .
as it got dark , the lights came on on the buildings .
then it was time for the firework display .
after that we used our camera to take many pictures .
the clock tower was very tall .
there was a crowd of people waiting already .
the buildings had some fun signs on top .
the fireworks began at night .
she was taking pictures .
lots of people turned out early to watch the fireworks show .
we all watched the clock eagerly waiting for the show to begin .
the excitement continued to grow as the sun went down .
the fireworks show was spectacular , everybody really enjoyed it .
we stopped for a group picture on the way out .
everyone is gathered together to have a good time
they are looking at the clock because there is going to fireworks after hours
everyone is lined up and getting ready for the fireworks
the fireworks has stared and it was well worth the time .
the show is over and now everyone is on there way home .
the fireworks did n't look very good on the tv .
[male] had an idea . he would go see the in person .
the dog stayed behind because it was afraid of loud noises .
he arrived in time to see the finale .
then he returned home to play some video games . it was a good time .
there was a nice fireworks show last night .
this was my favorite one .
my kid was being a brat so we left early .
the dogs and i watched it from the window .
my kid went to his room and played video games .
we were at home watching tv getting ready for bed .
my son said he heard some loud noises outside .
then my dog started barking because he heard the noises too .
we went outside and watched some fireworks on our porch .
after they were finished we came back in and finished watching our tv show .
we were going to keep it simple and watch fireworks on tv this fourth of july .
[male] was skeptical about these plans .
our dog [male] was also eager to get out of the house .
we finally relented and took them to see the fireworks show downtown .
afterwards , [male] and my husband stayed up late playing video games . it was one of the best fourth of julys we have had !
[male] was to lazy to watch the fireworks outside so he watched them on tv .
really [male] ? they are just outside .
[male] thinks he is being silly too .
watching them alone instead
come back in to this , video games . i dont understand my kid .
i decided to walk with my daughter around the city .
we stopped at small diner to have breakfast .
across the street , the city hosted a small festival .
when we arrived home , we were met with chicken for dinner .
a fireworks show could be seen in the distance at night .
the mom and the little girl were at a restaurant .
she read a book with her while waiting on the food .
the little girl brought the dog with them .
they stopped outside at a park .
they had a little snack at the park .
this is me . i 'm tired .
i 've been with my kid 's for 30 days straight . no work just at home on leave . this is me reading to emmy .
emmy wanted to walk [male] . shortly after this picture she let go of the leash and [male] ran into traffic and died .
the next day emmy caught the park on fire . we at least got some nice pictures of our lunch first .
emmy really enjoyed her food . too bad she is banned from there now .
the little girl walks her dog down the road .
her mother poses for a picture .
a group of people is waiting for the event .
the family has a picnic at the table .
finally the fireworks are about to begin .
[female] took her little girl [male] out sunday for a day away from everything .
she read to her and they had a pretty good time .
they even took their dog sparky with them .
they met up with [female] 's boyfriend [male] in the park and had lunch .
and [male] got her favorite , fish fingers and custard .
there was a man reading a book while guarding his greatest gift
and the gift was a flower , this thing has been growing for years
the book he was reading was one of these , it was a good read
and outside his house and down the road , this was going on , people of all shapes and colors
there was even soliders from the other side there
the gardens around the colonial town were gorgeous .
spring flowers accented the air with their aromas .
the gourds grew plentiful ready to be picked in the winter .
the old colonial home stood statuesque in the middle of the gardens .
it was all beautiful and full of life .
we made a trip to a revolutionary site we were greeted by a man at the gate .
i loved the beautiful flowers all around .
they had original congress documents from the era .
we watched a short parade and music performance .
the final performance was our favorite !
the flowers are out for spring .
everything in [female] 's yard looks so pretty .
even the fall pumpking is already coming out .
the men line up for the parade .
[female] watches on from her house .
the garden was full of herbs and beautiful plants .
the yellow blossom on the vine was a fine sight .
the pumpkin was starting to grow larger with each passing week . it was going to be perfect in the fall .
as the army practiced marching through the field , the drummers kept a steady beat for them to march by .
she looked on as the army practiced and she enjoyed this fine day .
everyone enjoyed a large lunch outside .
the kids played with each other in the sun .
then the dogs waited patiently for food to hit the ground .
after that everyone sat and shared stories with each other .
finally , it was time for a large family photo .
the boy took a picture with his grandmother at the party .
it was a birthday party for her . he sat next to her .
they then took a group picture .
to get the baby to smile they showed it a duck .
the boy then took some funny pictures .
my family has a bbq every friday at the end of the month .
my little nephews like playing with each other .
even the dogs were excited .
everyone was hanging around and having a great time .
by the end we all managed to grab a big family picture .
i was invited to an outdoor lunch party with lots of people and food .
[male] [male] and [male] were the youngest at the party .
both of my brothers dogs came along and hung out with the adults .
i got to catch up with my relatives on the couch .
we took a final photo to remember this day .
the entire family was gathered for lunch . we sat at a table outside .
the children had fun playing with each other .
the dogs ran around and were begging for food .
afterwards , we went inside to relax and talk .
we remember to pose for plenty of pictures .
it 's time for a photo of the kids .
but they have other ideas
let 's try this again , maybe if we reposition the kids .
two out of three is pretty good , but the little guy is still not having it
`` sorry mom , this is as good as it 's going to get '' cheese !
the family wanted to have pictures of our children .
we hired a professional photographer to take pictures .
two of our children had a tough time staying still .
when our older son joined the photo , the other children were more relaxed .
in a few of the photos , you can tell they were having fun having their pictures taken .
the women attend to their children .
the children are playing on the grass .
a woman comes over to help one child off of the ground .
a young boy stands behind a toddler as a baby crawls away .
after playing , they all sit down in their chairs .
we dressed up our kids in similar attire for a photoshoot .
but they were more focused on playing than taking photos .
even when we set them in a pose they would just move away .
there goes baby [male] crawling away .
we ended up only taking one picture . oh well , pictures are n't for everyone .
getting the kids together to play was long overdue .
[male] loves to crawl on the green grass
location relaxing in her stroller
[male] tries to make his escape !
the beautiful children posing for a photo
the friends took a trip to the city .
as they strolled around they came upon a fireworks show .
the display was beautiful .
the found vendor selling light up novelties .
they twirled them around and made a cool light display . this was a good end to a fun day .
what was going on by the waterfront ?
a man was making light art with something .
he was able to make the light go in any direction .
he was able to make a complicated spiral .
he ended his show by making the light overlap .
my friends and i spent a weekend in location .
here we are walking by the harbor . it was so pretty .
the fireworks really came out at night .
everyone was having such a fun night .
even [male] the office asshole was getting into it .
we toured a great city for our vacation .
it is a pleasant walk by the shore .
the firework show was dazzling !
we loved the light show as well .
we had a great time being entertained by the city sights and sounds .
what a beautiful night to be out in the city .
to walk by the water and beat the heat .
to see amateur fireworks over the park .
to see the vendors out with with terrific glow stick type items for evening play .
we , of course , had to try one out for ourselves .
a few friends gathered for a girl 's night out .
we stopped by the local bar to have few beers .
we drove across the bridge to get to the downtown festival .
a large crowd formed on the streets .
we saw a fireworks show .
we had family over for a barbecue .
the kids colored with chalk .
some of the kids blew bubbles .
i tricked one of the kids into thinking i was making a wooden pizza .
here 's what i really cooked , they were delicious .
our beautiful up relaxed in the nighttime .
we admired the glorious bridge in our city .
we saw a great firework show !
we got to see an explosive firework show !
the light show was amazing !
this is my dog spot . he is sitting home relaxing while we are out for the evening .
the bridge is brightly lit on this wonderful evening
we are watching fireworks on a warm summer evening and the sky is bright and clear
i wonder why the fireworks look so close to the ground .
what a nice night for fireworks . i ca n't wait to get home to see spot when the fireworks are done .
prior to the fireworks , we thought we 'd stop in a bar for a drink .
we toasted in celebration of the 4th of july .
later , we walked around by the waterfront to wait on the display .
many people gathered and found their spots to view the fireworks .
the crowd was awestruck as the fireworks began .
here we are at the fireworks display !
the show started off slow , but pretty .
then the real show began , with fireworks exploding everywhere .
red white and blue lit up the sky to celebrate our freedom .
and then the finale let out and showered embers all over the sky .
the crowds gathered in anticipation of the display .
the field was full of people old and young .
a few people were waiting and looking at the sky all day , not realizing the fireworks would be at night .
finally the show began .
all too soon the finale thundered through the sky and lit up the night . a great end to a great show .
these are some random people i met while i was wandering aroung .
these fireworks looked kind of like a boner to me and that made me laugh .
some of the fireworks were really bright .
these fireworks were pretty neat too with all of their different colors .
the finale was kind of disappointing .
a man and his wife go out to their local park to enjoy fireworks .
they wait until it gets dark and the fireworks start going off .
the mans favorite is the white fireworks .
his wives favorite are the red and blue fireworks together .
they both sit back and enjoy the finale of the show .
people gathering in the park .
families celebrating a national today .
about to watch the show with his mom .
the firework show for the forth of july .
the grand finale .
there are always fun things to do when you have colored chalk .
i drew some colored stripes on the ground .
later , i took out my bubble maker toy and it filled the air with bubbles .
after the fun activities ended , it was time to fire up the grill .
i grilled the most delicious hamburger for dinner .
it was a good day to grill some burgers .
we found some chalk to color with .
then we drew all kinds of designs on the ground .
after that we blew bubbles out in the grass .
finally , it was time to eat our dinner .
we had a nice summer day with the kids . first we got out the sidewalk chalk .
the kids drew many pretty pictures on the driveway with the chalk .
next we got out bubbles and spent time blowing those .
my husband started the grill for the barbeque .
we enjoyed hamburgers for dinner .
i bought some chalk the other day .
i went on the driveway and drew some lines with it .
it reminded me of my childhood , the days where i would blow bubbles and make chalk drawings .
it even reminded me of bonfires i was part of when i was young .
and , my favorite meal back then was a burger with all the fixings !
we had a barbecue that evening .
the kids brought sidewalk chalk .
they made some cool designs with the chalk .
some one had a bubble gun which the kids loved to play with .
we made hamburgers for everyone .
the family took a trip to see the parade .
they had toys and balloons on sell when they arrived .
first they got to see a blue classic car in the parade .
then they got to see a black classic truck go by .
after that there was a large red firetruck in the parade .
[male] brought his son calleb to the car show in the location .
they got to see really old models from the 40 's .
[male] 's favorite truck was the one that looked like an animal .
calleb loved the modern fire truck .
[male] showed him the old fire truck so he could see how cool it was too .
my husband [male] and my son jerrod today .
we went to a car show . we got to ride in this beauty .
next up we saw a black truck . it was so loud !
later on we spotted a big fire truck !
it fired up and we all got to get inside ! my jerrod was so amazed !
dad took me to the annual fourth of july parade and i was so excited .
there were so many things to look at , like balloons and toys !
really cool cars were in the parade . the blue one had a flag on it .
the black truck was loud but i did n't mind .
finally , my favorite part of the parade arrived , the firetruck !
father and son getting ready to see all the great cars on display .
wonderfully restored and very shiny .
it 's amazing how detailed and dedicated owners are to restoring and maintaining the classics .
the son 's favorite is always the fire trucks !
even the older trucks never cease to amaze him .
the city had a fireworks show .
a few friends gathered at the park to meet .
we saw a pyrotechnic performing tricks at the park .
at night , we saw a fireworks show .
the fireworks continued for two hours non-stop .
at the fourth of july firework show , we started the day with drinks and hot dogs .
we then went to find a good spot on the field .
we were close to the fire breathers and they put on a show .
it was so scary how they manipulated the fire without getting burned .
they finished off the show with fireworks and music .
to wrap up a long day at the carnival , the family got some snacks and sodas ,
then headed to a field to rest .
the crowd gathered to watch entertainers ,
people were impressed by the fire dancing .
once it was fully dark outside , the family watched fireworks together .
it 's that time of year again , time for the fair .
people attending the fair and enjoying the free concert .
a performer uses fire to dazzle the crowd with his talent .
the performer wow the crowd with his fire show .
ending the perfect day at the fair with a fireworks display .
our local 4th celebration is like stepping into a time warp .
we have all these cool vendors and everyone picks an area out in the field to wait .
this year we even had some fire jugglers .
then the moment that everyone has been waiting for hits .
and the fireworks light up the sky .
we headed out to location location for the 4th of july .
the national monuments were a wonderful backdrop to the patriotic show .
the fireworks dazzled us for a long time .
and lit the sky up with colors of our flag .
then slowly fell to the ground as the show ended .
the crowd is assembling for this year 's fireworks .
the display begins with a huge burst .
a multi colored shot of blue and gold hits the sky .
above the capital the sky is bursting with beautiful streamers .
the fireworks concludes with numerous explosions of beauty .
on the fourth of july , went to watch the fireworks overlooking location location location .
there were some really pretty fireworks high up in the sky .
some of them were really bright .
others really super colorful .
then there were some that had little bursts of light .
we started off at the capitol .
at night the fireworks came .
they were brilliant with color .
dc shone brightly .
the finale was amazing.56
watching the fireworks in location location was a lot of fun .
they had a spectacular show .
there were bursts of all colors .
there were some funky designed fireworks .
the flower shaped ones were pretty .
i went to the lake house to have a good time only to be surprised by what i found .
mom and dad said we love you but we need to talk .
i walked into an intervention .
my friend said my drug use has hurt him and wants me to quit .
i did n't care because i was so high i was wearing a frisbee for a hat .
[female] looks so awesome in the blue shirt i bought for him .
everyone was telling silly stories of our last family reunion .
[male] was absolutely silly with all the jokes and impromptu comedy throughout the day .
there was quite a big food selection , enough to fit everyone 's needs .
we even got to light off fireworks at the end for everyone to enjoy !
we had a wedding shower today for [male] and [female] at the cabin .
the happy couple posed in front of the food table .
we all sat around sharing stories from the younger years .
[male] was very intrigued by the adults stories .
but [male] seemed to need to entertain himself with other things .
[male] was bored visiting my parent 's house .
i caught up with my dad , mom and some of my other relatives .
my other son was having a good time relaxing with a frisbee on his head .
after catching up we made some delicious food to share .
oddly enough , even though it was n't independence day , there were fireworks going off next door .
cam is hanging out with his family .
all the adults are talking .
his little cousin is goofing off .
there is lots of food around .
at the end of the night fireworks go off .
our town 's memorial day parade was quite an event , with half the town coming out to watch on a beautiful sunny saturday morning .
i have trouble walking in high heels , i ca n't imaging trying to walk the whole parade route on stilts , can you ?
there were about a dozen different bands , some very traditional like this one with bagpipers .
some of the other bands were more unconventional , dressed up in the craziest costumes and entertaining us with rock and roll music .
my neighbor , [female] , was chosen as the parade queen , and she was on a special float near the front of the parade with her court .
parades are always fun ! there are groups carrying the flags .
all sorts of crazy performers and acts .
princesses and politicians riding in cars .
tons of music and different types of bands .
everyone has fun and enjoys a good day !
everyone lining up for start of parade
the mocka jumbie is walking around
people with green and white walking playing the trumpet
groups of people getting ready for dancing
people on car waving to the people on side of street
this year 's celebrate diverse cultures parade was lots of fun !
i always marvel at people who can walk on stilts .
and i love the sound of bagpipes !
my favorite thought is always the funky bunch band !
the parade concluded with the miss culturally aware pageant contestants waving to the crowds .
they had a parade at the school in the afternoon .
one of the women was on stilts .
they had people playing bagpipes in kilts .
they had some cool costumes as well for the marching band .
the final float had some beauty pageant girls on it .
this brightly colored burst of fireworks is pink in the middle and trimmed with dark blue and green .
a large burst of pink explodes in the center as a backdrop of smaller bright red fireworks shower down in the sky .
a lovely white centered explosion is trimmed with red and blue with a streamer coming down making the display look like a flower .
pastels anoint the sky as more streams of fireworks can be seen going up and about to explode .
a shower of gold flames brightens the sky with it 's fabulous display .
after the sun went down , it was time for the fireworks display .
they had large blue fireworks in the sky .
then there were red ones that appeared .
after the red one , there were large white ones that went off .
finally at the end , they had many different colors in the sky .
the firework show had many different types .
the fireworks were big yellow explosions .
to fireworks with circular red explosions .
fireworks that went into many different explosions with a single yellow color .
to fireworks with multicolored bursts .
the fireworks show started with a blast of red tipped with blue !
the reds continued in big shapes and small .
then more yellow hues worked their way in like we were going through the rainbow .
and the sound intensified to add drama to the fireworks show .
before you caught the first glimpse of what would be the all color finale .
we eagerly await an annual fireworks show .
the fireworks came in different shapes
and colors
and intensity .
overall , it was a show not to be missed .
it 's a community gathering of all ages .
as well as different species ! people enjoy the beautiful day .
telling stories to their neighbors , about the origin of shirts .
sometimes just relaxing with a glass of wine .
it 's a time of affections expressed .
[male] 's behavior was out of control .
even the animals were disgusted by him .
children were pulled away in disgust .
women were talking about what a jerk he had become .
the only one smiling was his brother [male] , who was just like him .
we always have fun at our family reunions !
here is aunt [female] and her dog skipper ! she 's a bit of a wild child .
here 's [female] , and her daughter pipsy . looks like pipsy is getting a bit tired .
here are [female] and [female] catching up on the latest family drama .
and what reunion would be complete without creepy uncle [male] ? ! ?
a mother and baby sit with their dogs .
the woman holds her dogs paw .
a man makes a toast in front of everyone .
a woman looks on with her wine glass .
her husband and her share a kiss .
the family was having a picnic .
everyone brought their dogs as well .
[male] got up to give a toast .
he was celebrating with his wife .
he gave her a kiss .
this summer we visited the location location location and birthplace .
the entire museum was filled with pictures and memorabilia .
they had the most interesting life size sculptures .
some of the black and white photos we so surreal , you really got a feel for how it was back then .
it was an amazing trip , ca n't wait to go back .
today was the grand opening for our new hotel . it caters to a higher end economy .
the board of trustees provided their own personal photos for a great entry way .
my father would be so proud watching our family launch this hotel if he were here today .
the view is absolutely stunning , a must for any family or small couple trying to get away from the mundane .
the lighting fixtures are so amazing , i can not wait to let everyone in !
we went to visit the [male] nixon library & birthplace yesterday .
there were lots of old photographs of nixon .
there were also some statues of him .
there was a photograph of a really cool old car .
the garden was well maintained and beautiful .
let 's take a visit to the museum .
there are many sights and exhibits to see inside the museum .
there are many bronze statues of famous people to see .
many exhibits are filled with old black and white photos from a long time ago .
the back of the museum is just as beautiful as the front .
my grandfather was excited to go to the museum friday .
his picture was on the all of donors for that exhibit , so we had to see that first . he had been glad to give money to the car exhibit because he loves cars .
next we took a look at the statues representing chauffeurs of a certain time period .
we spent a much longer time looking at the vintage photographs . grandpa recognized many of the cars shown .
towards the end of the day we walked around the grounds , because grandpa also enjoys researching architecture .
they were having a fourth of july celebration .
they took a picture with the flag .
they saluted the flag .
then they had dessert .
they really enjoyed the dessert .
the girl started off her day day taking selfies in a photo booth
then her and her boyfriend decided to smoke a cigarette
and take more selfies before heading out to the restaurant with his sister
after they ate , his sister was not surprised to see what was next to her
her brother was drinking his ice cream , her biggest pet peeve
she wanted to show off her pictures .
they went out for a smoke .
then they were having fun in the car .
she had a tall glass of water .
they were joking all through dinner .
taking photos of her beautiful face !
selfie just of us looking awesome .
silly faces on the way to the bar .
she ca n't believe how much water she got !
laughing at her boyfriend being silly !
today i met my friends at a patriotic themed ice cream shop where i kissed the flag .
my friends also decided to use it as a prop in their photo .
naturally , we had to salute the flag while we here as well .
the ice cream came , and it looked delicious .
my friend thought i would n't see her stick her finger in the ice cream , but she got busted .
the whole group gathers for a bike ride .
some do tricks to pass the time as they wait for others to arrive .
some , dressed more freely , chose to use the time to ensure they have everything .
the ride lasts long into the evening for many .
however , some beg off early and just relax and have fun .
a couple of friends gathered to take a bicycle race around the city .
halfway around the city , we decided to take a break at the park .
after taking a 5 minute break , we decided to keep going in the race .
i had trouble keeping up with the guys .
it took us 4 hours to get around our city .
this years bike ride across location .
[male] did some great bike tricks .
we were very tired and needed lots of breaks between legs .
riding at night a little bit scary .
we loved the parties after long day rides .
everyone gathering to show off our bike tricks !
a cool shot of me nailing a tough trick .
tuning up the bike for our night ride .
night rides are always a lot of fun .
the end of the ride , but not the end of the night !
bike rallies are fun and this one was no exception .
although doing tricks half naked on concrete is really not such a good idea .
and i am still trying to figure out why [male] was wearing red fishnet hose and a helmet .
the cycling lasted well into the night .
and at that point , all the exercise conscious participants drank a lot of beer and acted like idiots .
forth of july at the lake was an annual tradition .
we would spend the day at the lake swimming and relaxing .
something crazy always happened .
the kids would feast on cold snacks .
before the fireworks we would feat on a great barbeque .
dad is excited about getting the grill going today .
brats and buns line up the grill . yum !
the table is getting lined up with tasty side dishes and snacks .
i 'm setting my teeth into a delicious cob of sweet corn .
my wife is enjoying the leisure by sipping on her soda .
my friends sent me these pictures from their vacation last week .
they had these floats that helped them soak in the sunshine .
they were diving off of the pier that was near their camping spot .
the kids that were there all had a great time .
the owner of the camping area was there to make them a great meal before they left .
sunbathing by the water .
jumping on the boat with mom .
jumping in the water .
then they gave him a pop cycle .
grilling the burgers .
my friend was dressed in red , white , and blue for the cookout .
we were having hot dogs on the grill and toasting the buns .
the table was set with food already .
the corn on the cob was really nice . lots of people enjoyed it .
some people relaxed and had a drink while the food was cooking .
the baby was being held by his dad .
he was having a great time .
he looked around at all the sites .
he then road on his back .
then he got held in the water some more .
the family got together during the 4th of july .
everyone had fun the the pool .
even the baby got a chance to swim in the water .
after dark it was time to watch the fireworks .
finally , everyone sat and watched the fireworks being set off .
today was my nephew 's first time in the pool .
at first he was a little unsure of what was going on .
then he calmed down and enjoyed being on his daddy 's knew .
meanwhile , my uncle took my little brother for a ride on his back in the pool .
at the end of the day , we were happy but exhausted .
it 's play day at the pool
[male] is having a great time .
he looks at the water and wants to go in .
he is too little to go in though .
his dad takes his older brother in .
people are having fun at the swimming pool
a woman and her kid are laughing
by this hot sunny day , the baby has no clothes on
at night kids have fun
the fireworks are noisy
the early crowd anticipates a great show .
some are trying to be the show .
as the fireworks are set to begin , everyone waits eagerly .
the first fireworks get launched , and everyone could n't be happier .
one person even tried to get creative with his camera .
old ship days is concluding with night time activities .
large ships are in the background skyline .
we are enjoying good friendship into the early evening .
the wall of the pier is lined with participants .
the largest ship is coming to port . what a sight !
everyone gathered at the waterfront to see the fireworks .
in the background , you could see the battleship .
it was a perfect night for fireworks .
the fireworks started and the crowd went wild .
the lights were a whirlwind as the lit up the sky .
whenever the ship and its crew return to home port , the family members prepare a fireworks display .
from the deck of the ship , the crew cheers and waves to their waiting family .
as night settles in , everyone prepares for the show .
the first fireworks go off , lighting lighting up the sky .
the finale is brilliant and blinding .
there was a row of three flags on the ship .
a group of people were sitting near the ship watching it .
some of the people cheered loudly as they watched the ship .
people sat along the brick and enjoyed the view as the ship sailed .
it was very large and so was the crowd .
the fireworks were very complex .
some of them made huge explosions .
regardless they generated a lot of smoke .
the finale ended with a lot of fireworks .
they launched off a lot at one time .
this is always a great night .
everyone has so much fun .
they made sure to get a great view .
what a spectacular moment .
people would remember this .
what a wonderful sight fireworks lighting up the sky
it was another fourth of july and this year the fireworks are the best i have ever seen
we have a great view of them from the front porch of my house
wow i have never seen such beautiful fireworks so high up in the sky
these fireworks are even better than last years .
the fireworks show was awesome .
there were many colors everywhere .
the fireworks lit up the sky .
these were easily my favorite .
the finale was amazing .
the green fireworks made a huge explosion in the sky .
the yellow ones were n't so big , but they were nice .
the sky was lit up from all of the bright light .
most people enjoyed the orange colored fireworks and there were a lot of them too .
in fact , they shot many of the orange fireworks .
the streets were so crowded .
it was a very interesting city .
much cool stuff was on display .
many new things to buy .
lots of entertainment around .
we took a trip to the busy city .
we saw all the sights as we strolled around .
the recording studio was something we always wanted to see .
the star wars exhibit was one of our highlights .
we ended the day by purchasing some native jewelry .
we went to the city for some shopping .
brightly colored skyscrapers everywhere we went .
we saw a replica of a darth maul mask at a shop .
many different necklaces were on display .
a group was performing outside of the shopping center .
this was our trip to the big city .
the tall buildings were amazing and decorated so pretty .
we went to see a display of masks made by local artists .
next we stopped to look at some handmade jewelry .
our favorite was a band in the courtyard while we ate lunch .
it was our first time in the big city .
the buildings were so tall .
there were posters for everything .
some of the shops had some weird items .
they had some interesting jewelry too .
the family gathered at the city 4th of july parade .
a jeep full of veterans greeted the crowd .
the veterans waved american flags and gave some away to the children .
we put up a few tables to have our lunch during the parade .
our children really enjoyed the parade .
everyone arrived to watch the parade .
some of the people got a good view up high on the balcony .
the kids ate snow cones while waiting for the parade to start .
then it was time for the parade to begin .
everyone watched while many colorful trucks passed by .
the girls had fun viewing the parade from above .
the military theme was interesting !
we enjoyed seeing the big trucks !
the whole family enjoyed the festivities .
our little ones had a great time at the parade as well .
family fun time at the july 4th parade !
actually being in the parade was so cool .
seeing all the patriotic people really warmed my heart .
the kids had a fun time sitting in the back of the truck .
karisssa enjoying her snow cone with [female] .
the friends watched the parade from a balcony .
they saw all the floats go by .
they were able to enjoy it alot .
their kids were on the float , so they waved to them .
the kids seemed uninterested though .
the family had dinner before heading to the baseball game .
the husband and i were happy about watching the organization organization play .
on our way to the baseball game , we saw an accident on the road .
over 10,000 attended the game .
the stadium put on a fireworks show because the organization organization won .
this year , our 4th of july started with a great baseball game .
after the game , we headed to our favorite pub for food and drinks .
after the drinks , we were certainly in a happy mood .
later , we drove out to see the fireworks display .
the fireworks were especially good this year .
for my birthday , my friends took me out for a fun-filled evening that started with drinks at the local pub .
later we strolled around a farmer 's market and met some very interesting people .
on the way to our next destination we witnessed a construction accident and had to stay to give a report .
finally we made it to the main event , a championship baseball game !
our home team won , and they set off fireworks to celebrate after the game !
we got to see a baseball game today ! so excited !
after the game , we decided to have a few drinks with some friends .
we even got to go to an amazing restaurant in the area after the victory .
the police were making sure to keep a close eye on the large crowd .
afterwards , we were able to see some fireworks before we left the city !
there was a big baseball game at the stadium and it was full of fans .
after the game , some of us went to a pub for some drinks .
we posed and took a few photos while we were there .
there were police outside directing traffic when we left .
later that night , there was a lovely fireworks show .
i loved traveling to my little hometown .
lil 's beauty shop was still there on main street .
finally i arrived at the home i grew up in .
our neighbor was out mowing his yard .
and mama was in the backyard on the swing . nothing had changed .
it 's time to take a trip down memory lane .
this is grandma 's salon that she 's owned for 45 years .
[female] loves spaghetti , so we went to this dinner the first night , where we ran into my former priest .
dad used to go to this everyday after school .
it was a quaint town .
while on the way to town to do errands , i hope that any deer that wanted to cross , would wait until i passed through .
my last stop was at the beauty shop for a day of much need beauty .
i went home to surprise my husband with my new makeover .
he took one look at me and did n't know what to say .
oh , [male] . just go back to mowing . you know that better than beauty .
the town was very quiet today .
even the beauty shop usually buzzing was dead .
[female] was at her house .
her husband was busy mowing the lawn .
she was watching him and relaxing .
visiting location town .
the famous beauty shop .
the church will be serving spaghetti this weekend .
the best deli in town .
a little convenient store .
our health carnival is starting today .
the clown is practicing his lines .
the dunk tank is a favorite and is being checked
displays are being tweaked for the crowd that is coming soon .
unusual costumes are expected to drive interest .
i really did n't know what to expect when i decided to go to an expo on drugs and drug awareness last week . the man who was greeting people at the door was covered in an alka seltzer shirt .
while some of the exhibits were focused on drug awareness , like guessing how many different pills were in a bottle , some exhibits seemed to promote drug use . not sure what to think .
i politely declined trying out this display .
there were a couple of tattoo artists who were offering tattoos at a discount . can you imagine having a permanent spider web on your head ? this guy 's getting ready for halloween apparently .
i thought it was really appropriate to have this display about different types of infections and what causes them right in the center of the tattoo area .
take a guess at the amount of `` drug paraphernalia '' at this years halloween bash !
and do n't be afraid , hes the friendly clown in town !
why not give the dunk tank a try ?
as if there was n't enough fun already , take a huff and see how well you know your stuff !
who needs alka seltzer when you have billa seltzer ? but be sure not to spill the sprite on this mans creative costume !
getting the tables ready for the carnival !
[male] the clown practicing his act with us .
[female] being a brave sole testing out the dunk tank .
one of the many silly booths we are working on .
[male] wearing his cool self made costume .
playing a game and guessing name .
the clown is entertaining the crowd .
closing her eyes shot .
know your stuff take a huff sign .
wearing alka seltzers .
after a long summer day of playing hard .
swimming and playing and playing with friends .
making up dances and helping clean up after the picnic
we headed for the city fireworks .
what a great ending to a great day !
the kids played outside on a hot day .
then they cooled off my swimming in the pool .
as the sun was going down , they could see fireworks in the sky .
there were red and green ones .
after that , there were red and blue fireworks in the sky .
a young boy at the lake
with his sister
and other relatives
they wait for the sun to set .
they watch fireworks for the fourth of july
the fourth is fun , but it is mainly for the kids anymore .
they play all day , but you know they are thinking about fireworks .
and they preoccupy themselves with stuff , but with that always in the back of their minds .
then finally darkness falls and it starts .
and they get to see what they have waited all day for .
our son was swinging today , he had so much fun .
we all swam today too , it was a great day .
we got to see my sisters girls also !
the fireworks were beautiful from where we sat at .
they were absolutely stunning !
very long and rocky hike ... at least i got to see some wildlife
after the rocks came the trees and snow.. what a trek !
really cool tree at the top of my climb .
amazing view ... beautiful . so worth the hike .
here 's the proof i hiked it ! me taking pictures
from this angle you could clearly see the lone island
and with a wider angle you could see that it was actually lonely but had neighbors
he asian wanted to be able to remember this so he took a picture of something he never saw before
a lone eagle sitting on top of a dying tree
it was very different from the scenery that the bird was used to seeing
the view of the partly underwater volcano was spectacular .
i could have walked down to the edge .
but i opted for staying up high and snapping pictures .
there were burned tree trunks and ashes everywhere .
nature was so amazing .
we looked down from the mountain and it was an amazing view .
there was this tiny island mountain surrounded by water .
my husband got his organization an took photos of it .
there was this statue where we hiked though we wondered what it looked like before it was broken .
we walked off the mountain onto white desert ground . it was quite fascinating to look at .
on our way to our photo session at the the caldera lake we encountered some unexpected company .
the view from the top of the mountains was spectacular .
we saw a tree near the lake that had been struck by lightning and blasted apart .
we got some great panoramic shots of the caldera lake .
i even got some shots of my partner getting shots of the lake !
the corn from the farmer 's market was beautiful .
we made a great array of snacks , including fresh corn fritters .
i set up a great playlist for the evening .
everyone showed up in a great mood .
we opened a few local beers and had a great night .
the friends were setting around at the party .
they were having a lot of fun .
more people were on the floor .
they had a lot of beer .
they had a wide variety as well .
tonight we had the perfect night . it involved corn on the cob .
some delicious home made biscuits .
we listened to our favorite old records .
we laughed and visited with good friends .
and we enjoyed some ice cold beer !
some friends came over for dinner and drinks the other night .
there was sweet corn , rolls , and several other goodies .
we listened to a few of my favorite records while conversing .
everyone had a great time , and seemed to like my taste in music .
we were enjoying some really good beers and kicking back .
i had some friends over for dinner .
i made them fried chicken .
we listened to some new records .
they thought it was cool i owned a record player .
we drank some shiner bock after dinner .
the dad helped the kid light a sparkler .
the kid had fun playing with the sprinkler .
the baby enjoyed watching too .
then they had some drinks to keep cool .
after that they shot off fireworks and blew up bottles .
it was my son 's birthday and i was going to show him how to light fireworks .
i taught him the basics about fireworks first .
he then lit his own fireworks and looked like he was having a lot of fun .
he ran to his uncle after the firework he held exploded , he was very frightened at first but his uncle calmed him down .
his grandparents were looking on as this was a family tradition .
the boy was playing with a cup .
his dad lit a firework .
the boy played with the firework .
he sat with his dad .
some friends looked on .
nothing else better to do , but playing with a red cup , huh ?
uncle [male] showed [male] a better way to use his time though .
alright , [male] . let this sparks fly !
a photo op of uncle [male] and [male] .
my sister [female] and her husband [male] looks at them both with a smile .
[male] was having his birthday today ! he was so excited to see his aunt and uncle .
he got to try out a brand new toy involving smoke !
[female] looks so amazing . her hair was brushed just right !
uncle [male] was doing some stand up comedy for the family .
we even got to light up fireworks towards the end of the night !
i went on a business trip to location .
i arrived to a four star hotel next to were my meeting would be held .
the hotel had a beautiful pond full of fishes .
there was a little stream next to the fish pond .
at night , you can see the people socializing from the floor of the hotel .
we took a trip to the city to explore new sites .
first we found a pond with many fish in it .
then we came across a duck on a rock .
after that we walked through the gardens .
at the end of the day , it began to rain .
we visited the city for vacation .
the buildings were so huge .
they had some nice parks too with ponds .
they were beautifully landscaped .
the city at night was lovely .
waking up to a beautiful view .
the hotel where we are staying at .
walking by a pond full of fish .
taking a picture by the waterfall .
time to go to bed its been a long day .
the view from the top of the buildings in the city is really neat .
the koi pond was filled with tons of fish !
i saw a super cute duck sitting on a rock in the river today .
the trees in this town are really unique and cool to look at .
this hallway has some really creepy lights , right ?
the firework show was amazing , they were spectacular .
there were such vibrant colors in some of them .
the detail was amazing in a few of them .
the ones that looked like giant sparklers were my favorite .
it ended with a great finally
fireworks are beautiful on their own .
messing with the settings on your camera can give them new brilliance and mystery .
spirals of light dancing across the blackness .
or streamers of multi-colored firing falling down .
camera options can turn a firework into a winter event with these pale stars falling down .
my family and i went to a fireworks show . the first set of fireworks were very bright and flashy !
next they lit off lots of purple circular fireworks .
after that they lit off fireworks i 've never seen before ! that really took me by surprise .
the next set of fireworks looked like shooting stars .
finally the show ended with a bang . lots of streaking white fireworks and explosions !
the gorgeous fireworks began at sundown .
the large explosions in the sky startled many .
but most just enjoyed the show .
there were lots of colors and shapes .
everyone went home that night happy .
they had a fireworks festival on the 4th of july .
i decided to play around with exposure settings to see some cool shapes .
this was a long exposure of a cool double explosion .
we took a long exposure of one of the fountain fireworks .
they had an amazing finale at the end .
yesterday we had our family gathering at my parent 's house .
some of us enjoyed the pool .
others spent time looking through family albums .
some even played basketball .
at the end of the day we just relaxed and enjoyed the company .
the group of friends arrived to have fun in the pool .
the swam on a hot day to keep cool .
then they took turns jumping into the pool .
some of them sat by the pool and shared stories .
after that they went through some old photos .
the pool party was a blast for all who jumped in !
the whole family enjoyed the water !
the kids had a blast as well .
everyone enjoyed being in the back yard .
the whole family got to share and bond together over a pleasant experience .
we had a pool party .
the kids had a lot of fun swimming .
they also had fun just hanging out .
we played some hoops .
then we relaxed on the couch .
my friends and i decided to set up a little camp outside .
[male] is about to fall into the pool ! such a great shot !
we decided to do a little phototaking and even made a scrapbook for the adventure !
[male] was on his way to an awesome slam dunk after the game .
we decided to rest after a truly exhausting , but exciting day at the camp .
a couple of friends dressed up in fourth of july costumes walk down to the harbor to celebrate the day .
a boat can be seen in the distance , along with a small flying object .
the sun sets as a boat prepares for the fireworks show .
right before all of the light drains from the sky , the first fireworks can be seen .
now it is nighttime and the beautiful display shines brightly in the sky for all to enjoy .
the scene was set when they went to the harbor
these two men took a stroll and one of them thought he was going to have the best day ever
the man made him look up to the sky and he say one letter that was in his name and his heart beat faster
he thought he was going to propose but it was just a failed heart
his disappointment continued when their baloons got stuck in a tree
josh and i wore our 4th of july gear and headed to the pier .
we waited near the pier and watched the boats go in and out in the ocean .
the sunset was kind of cool while we waited for it to get dark .
once it got dark , the fireworks started .
awesome , is n't it ? do n't ya 'll wish ya 'll were here ?
[male] and [male] wearing their matching 4th of july outfits .
had a fun time at the lake enjoing the holiday .
watching the sunset was really beautiful .
the fireworks started as the sun went down .
watching the amazing fireworks show to end a glorious july 4th holiday .
we went to the harbor in the afternoon .
we saw some cool looking matching costumes for the 4th that day .
they had a plane doing sky writing .
the plane drew a heart .
we saw some balloons that got stuck in the trees .
we visited my wife 's family for the summer .
her parents live in location .
they have a big house with many acres of land .
the house was built in 1995 .
i was fascinated by the lake that is near the home .
as we traveled to the lake house it looked like a storm was brewing .
we saw the bent tree that marked our driveway .
then the house slowly came into view across the field .
the house that my father built .
the clouds finally cleared and we took an evening stroll along the shore .
my friends and i are photographers . we caught this beautiful scene last night .
we enjoy taking pictures of the beautiful outdoors . the hanging tree captivated us , so we just had to picture it !
we found a house while looking for things to take pictures of . i wonder who lives there ?
it 's a very pretty house . whoever lives there must be filthy freakin ' rich .
and they live by a beautiful lake ! i 'm downright jealous . oh well ... a picture will do !
when the flood hit the city some years back , my grandad 's house remained intact .
i remember waves of water rolling through the field , i thought we would get flooded .
but because his house stood tall , it remained in place .
the water rose up to my neck , if the house was built any lower than we would not have a house .
now the water remains calm where it should .
we just bought this house out in the middle of nowhere and it is great !
the surrounding area is beautiful , but a little swampy .
the house sets back and the braces underneath keep it safe from flooding .
though it does make getting to the house a chore at times .
but looking around at where it is , i would n't trade it for anything .
we had so much fun being tourists while looking at colleges .
the statues were awe inspiring .
we stopped for lunch at a great restaurant with a beautiful patio .
we visited some of the old cemeteries to see all the history .
the view from our hotel room at the end of the night was amazing .
today was our first day in location location city and of course we had to stop by location location .
after walking for a few hours we decided to find a nice place to eat and had to get a photo while we waited for our food .
this pizza was so delicious and i finally get the hype about location location style pizza .
after lunch we came to this beautiful library to explore .
we of course had to stop by the location location after the library .
we went on a trip in the city .
we started the day early .
we enjoyed some great pizza ,
and checked out some shops nearby .
the bridge was a great photo opportunity .
the dance party at church had just finished .
we were standing in front of a nice statue .
the kids were sad that they did n't get to play patty cake .
the trail was very bright and lovely .
at night , we ran across the street into the abyss .
we went to one of the old libraries in russia .
they had the lion statues there .
we had a great dinner that evening .
we visited an old grave yard .
and we checked out the amazing skyline after .
it was finally time for the fireworks display to begin .
there were large red fireworks in the sky .
then there were blue ones that went up .
after that , they had blue and white fireworks in the sky .
at the end , they had fireworks of many different colors in the sky .
my friends and i went to the fireworks show .
we saw some neat ones . this looked like a flower with a stem .
these looked like anemones .
this one reminded me of a location .
we had fun goofing around and watching the show .
it was the 4th of july
the fireworks set off that evening
and lots of couples kissed in the night
love was in the air
but it was n't the only thing that was in the air
the fireworks were bright ,
red and yellow colors flew in the sky ,
high and mighty and loud .
the explosions were a nice end to the night .
looking up at them , i enjoyed it very much .
it was the fourth of july
there were fireworks going off in every direction .
[male] looked to his left and saw one shoot .
then to his right he saw one too .
what a great way to spend the day !
we took the kids to lunch at [male] 's .
the old restaurant had a great ambiance and style .
there was a jungle gym for the kids to play on .
the original restaurant shack was still standing .
the little details around the restaurant really made it .
it 's important to keep track of history , including that of food .
the places that stick around are often worth visiting !
this place draws the crowds in in this small town .
it 's become a place for hanging out as well as eating .
and it 's only with a heavy heart that people depart the location for the day .
today i finally got to go to this restaurant .
this restaurant serve the best dogs ever .
i decided to take a walk and the park and ran in to a swing set with an interesting sign on top .
i can not believe a business was ran out of this small box .
i forgot to return my mug from the hot dog place . today was adventurous .
finally got the chance to visit a legendary restaurant
the line to get in was not as busy as i was afraid it would be
they even had a swing set for the kids
the original hot dog stand
no better way to enjoy a cold beverage than in a cold mug
[male] 's was a popular hot dog stand .
everyone from the town poured in for lunch every day .
[male] 's was conveniently located adjacent to the town park .
the owner was very proud of his simple hot dog stand 's small beginnings .
after their meal , the customers were encouraged to return their utensils .
we visited my parents house for the summer .
my son brought his water gun to entertain himself .
a beautiful garden of sunflowers was present in the backyard .
my parents are raising chickens on their land .
they have a lot of land , but their are far too many trees .
the family spent the beautiful day outside .
they noticed some yellow flowers growing .
then they noticed two chickens under a branch .
after that they saw a large roster .
the mother watched over her son while he played in the grass .
grandma and my son [male] decided to have some fun outside . here grandma is doing something silly .
[male] found a new toy ! ... but what is it ?
[male] and grandma looked at the flowers growing in the backyard . they 're very pretty .
they found grandma 's chicken [female] . [male] does n't like [female] . she 's mean and vicious !
finally , grandma and [male] stopped by the old tree to rest . it does n't have any leaves for some reason .
here is a picture of a childhood friend i had .
he had already had children of his own .
he grew these terrific flowers all over his property .
this chicken made all the other chickens really nervous .
this is a tree that he said his dad had planted many years ago .
my family lives on a commune .
we grow our own flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
we also raise our own chickens .
we use them for meat and eggs .
some might call us hippies , but we are completely self sustaining .
came across a really neat small old town while traveling !
city hall building is small ! and locals getting around on bike .
this is the post office in crested butte ! i love th e sign .
coolest coffee shop ! had a cup here before hitting the road .
had to get someone to take a picture before i left !
we took at trip through the small town .
first we came to a building that had purple flowers growing outside .
then we came to a business selling many different types of skies .
after that we came to an amazing flower shop .
finally we stopped off at a coffee shop to get some coffee .
i visited my boyfriends home town .
he was excited to be home .
he showed me the ski lodge even though it was spring .
the flowers were blooming .
the lodge was n't doing much business .
on our way to location we stopped by this nifty little town .
my embarrassing husband rocked his new hairdo which i do not approve of .
we were planning on visiting the mountains and we found this store selling an assortment of designer snowboards .
i wanted to get some flowers for my sister whom we are visiting in location .
my husband spent an hour in this place trying out all the coffee flavors , i swear he is addicted to the stuff .
visiting a small town .
the church .
the location post office .
a famous coffee shop .
and taking a picture in front of his mom 's favorite flowers .
a couple of friends wanted to throw a party .
i was in charge of bringing the cake .
my best friend flaunted me with the cake . she teased me about not being able to eat any . i could n't because i 'm on a diet .
we ran into some old high school friends .
at the end of the night , we were sharing stories and having lots of whiskey .
everybody enjoyed the after hours party last night .
some of us drank pretty heavily .
we got a little rowdy and posed for some pictures .
later , they served ice cream cake which was delicious .
the party ended with a smile on everybody 's face .
we had a party for my brothers birthday last night .
[female] made the best cake .
everyone loved the cake and ate lots of it .
my brother and his girlfriend were the guest of honor .
i think everyone had a great time at the party !
got to hang out with the crew tonight ! missed them so much .
[female] was knocking down quite a few drinks .
this is the crew in total ! lots of good friends and alcohol to be had !
[female] looked so silly eating a piece of cake that was bigger than her head .
[female] looked so beautiful for the occasion , i miss her so much !
celebrating her birthday with family and friends .
chugging her drink down .
taking a group picture together .
eating a piece of cake .
ready to dance .
the firework show started with some low ground fireworks .
next were the ones that were loud but let out streams of sparklers .
they kept getting higher and higher .
the crowd ohhd and ahhd over the colorful ones .
the last few minutes were spectacular with the grand show .
fourth of july fireworks mark the end of a lovely day .
the sky is filled with colorful lights as the fireworks continue .
this particular display shows a main color explosion surrounded by smaller bursts of gold .
back at street level , the neighborhood watches the display , even the dog !
laser lights tint the houses in the background a faint red as they beam up into the sky .
the start of the fireworks was so majestic !
this particular set of explosions might have been my favorite of the night .
i had to cover [female] 's ears on this one . she could n't handle all the noise .
such a great light spectacle towards the end of the night !
the family and i had so much fun with the fireworks and light display !
some of the neighbors were shooting fireworks .
they shot up into the sky for everyone to see .
they left a trail of color behind as they rose .
some shot out like a star in the sky .
the best ones exploded into bright colors that seemed to cover the sky .
they had some low flying fireworks at the display that evening .
they also had some really high flying explosions .
we saw some cool red fireworks as well .
the spider fireworks were my favorites .
the finale had some multi-explosive fireworks .
the 1940s were a time of great innovation .
producing advancements meant to make the country a safer place .
meanwhile in the wider world conflict was brewing .
many countries could not evade the pull of the fight , and found themselves on the stage .
it was a war that had to be fought , for it could n't be refused , but the cost was high for everyone .
we went to the museum today .
old photos and stories from years ago adorn the walls .
a historical room gives us an idea of how things looked and felt .
this section has banners displayed . very interesting !
this is the area at the end of the museum tour .
wow ! i finally made it to the museum . this is my first experience at a museum .
its amazing how far organization has came .
the small art piece hold so much value .
it was so many flags representing different things .
the tour ended in this room where you were able to read about more history . i will definitely be at another museum .
i went to a historical museum the other day .
there were a lot of old vehicles there like this one .
there were a lot of documents that were very important .
this was one of the pictures that were on the wall .
this one was very old and had historical meaning for all .
a family goes to a museum and reads about the 1942 organization fire engine .
the continue walking through the museum and see a replica of the thing they read about .
they continue to walk on and read more
they read stories of first hand accounts of the firemen who ran the engine .
then read how the engine ran once some of the mean went to war .
we took the kids to the rocket fair today .
we stood by safely while others launched their rockets .
our team celebrated winning the top spot !
later , we enjoyed the fireworks show .
it was a long day , but really fun !
during the day , all the children shot off rockets into the air .
when the sun went down , it was time to watch the firework display .
there were small red and blue ones .
then they had some large blue ones in the sky .
after that they had many different colors in the air .
the girls with their dads .
playing a game with their rockets .
holding the rockets up in the air .
watching the firework show .
the grand finale .
everyone was hanging out at the camp today
the kids were learning to play lots of games .
the family was having a great time together .
they even saw fireworks that night .
what a great day together .
got with the family today to go out and see some fireworks .
we also got to see some close family friends as well !
we had a great time and a lot of fun .
the fireworks were very cool and exciting .
some of them were really neat and unique .
the park is full for today 's july 4th activities .
uncle [male] is here , yea !
the bridge is full of people which takes them to the viewing area .
friends and family gather along the river bank .
rowing contests are fun to watch and take up the afternoon .
a friend and i went to this year 's rowing competition .
there were plenty of people there at the event .
we walked around and saw all the local vendors .
we tried the local beers there , they were delicious .
the rowing competition did not disappoint , it was a close race and was very exciting .
there was an event in town today ; the roads were closed off .
most people traveled by foot to the park and i even saw this guy in striped red pants walking in stilts .
as we headed towards the lake in the park , we saw the bridge jammed packed with people .
everyone began looking for spots to sit down and enjoy the event .
we also watched a boat race and it was pretty exciting .
we visited the fair .
there was an uncle [male] on stilts .
the fairgrounds were covered with people .
kids came from all over .
we also got to watch a competition .
there was a huge festival going on in my town .
just take a look at uncle [male] on the stilts ! that must be so difficult !
everyone gathered towards the waterfront for amazing music .
such a big outing , i almost got lost among the crowd .
afterwards , there was a small water show , the family had so much fun !
after the sun went down it was time to watch the fireworks .
they had large blue ones in the sky .
then there were some bright white ones in the sky .
after that they had some large red fireworks .
at the end they had so many different fireworks go off at the same time .
bright silver sparks radiate from a golden center in this fireworks display .
a trio of red , white and blue decorate the night sky for the fourth of july .
stunning gold and blue colors burst into the darkness .
this well placed trio of fireworks looks like a flower with stems .
bright purple colors light up the sky as streamers make it look like a bouquet of balloons in the air .
pictures of different fireworks are being taken .
an purple firework is going off with a orange spark at the bottom .
a white sparkle with purple and orange sparkles fireworks .
red fireworks explosion set off in the sky .
then the big fireworks going off to end the show .
the fireworks looked so perfect in the sky .
the celebration was for independence day .
we had a picnic before the show started .
they flashed out in all colors .
the grand finale was spectacular .
the fireworks light up the sky .
there was so much excitement in the air .
everyone watched one after another go off .
each one seemed to get better .
then it was the grand finale , so cool !
so excited ! get a mountain tour in a helicopter ! ! ! here it comes .
our pilot and the cockpit view .
view from inside the helicopter .
amazing ... . mountains are gorgeous .
far away view ... . almost time to land !
today we got to go for a helicopter ride over the mountains .
the pilot checked all the gauges .
then we took off on our adventure .
we first flew over a beautiful lake .
then we flew over the most magnificent snow capped mountains .
i got to ride in my first helicopter this weekend .
i was a little nervous at first .
i felt so high above the mountains .
the mountains were covered with snow .
and i had the most beautiful view !
it was my first helicopter ride .
i asked the pilot a lot of questions .
i was nervous about take off .
the view was worth it though .
the mountains were gorgeous .
the helicopter landed as the others approached to get in .
then there was a takeoff .
they flew high into the air , watching the ground go away .
they flew above the mountains .
they were so high , it was very exciting .
the city put on a parade .
the family saw a marching band perform at the parade .
marines walked across the parade .
a few mothers carried a banner inspired by the words of mating [male] [male] jr .
a jazz band played a few songs before the parade came to a close .
taking a day to celebrate a true icon in american history is never a waste .
so as to never be at risk for forgetting the sacrifice and darker times it took to get to the present .
it 's good to take pride in the positive , too .
focus on what those sacrifices have brought us and show what it 's meant to us by sending it forward with kindness .
and showing the skills we 've attained and allow discipline , fun , and skill to flourish .
the beginning of the parade , marching the banner down the street
an american hero , still looks great in his uniform
the kids celebrating location in there own way , with bikes decorated .
oh no , even this can happen during a parade , but everyone worked together to get it moving .
seeing the kids perform was the best way to end , they were happy and very good .
during the navy parade , there were kids in karate outfits ready to fight people .
the drummers creating the appropriate music for the fight .
all of the kids would fight against this one sailor .
then some other kids got in the way with their [male] [male] [male] banners .
the man with the tuba made the perfect cutaway music for the disappointment result of the fight .
the kids had a karate show off at the festival .
they had a marching band there as well .
my uncle who was there , was a part of the service as a navy veteran .
they had a parade afterwards .
my friend played the sacks .
the 4th of july weekend began with a enactment
there was also a bike race going on .
american flags were up everywhere .
this kid even had one on his face .
it was a beautiful sight at the nation 's capital .
today we celebrated 4th of juky
the flags were blowing in the wind
this little boy had a flag painted on his forehead
former soldiers paraded and carried the flag
then we all visited the capital to celebrate some more
i went to the parade last week .
there were tons of flags there .
we had some face painting .
the day was very fun .
the weather was perfect .
reenacting the civil war .
me riding my bike showing off my flag .
love the flags around the building .
my son getting into the spirit .
what a lovely day with sun and clouds and calm water .
patriots dressed up as redcoats .
this biker carried the american flag .
there were many flags at the location .
this kid had his face painted .
lastly , we saw the capitol building .
if you like fireworks , then you should love these photos from the recent 4th of july fireworks show .
this one is shooting up into the sky .
look at all of the vibrant colors on this one .
the design on this one is cool .
here 's my favorite . it was a great 4th of july fireworks show .
pepsi cola sponsored the 4th of july fireworks .
the fireworks went off .
there was a cluster of these yellow fireworks .
there were also red ones .
the finale was very eventful .
we headed out to the park for the fireworks show .
they shot them off across the water and the reflection was gorgeous .
some of these were very loud but were amazing .
this one burst up like a rocket .
when they do multiples at the same time it 's really cool !
it was the towns fourth of july event and the fireworks looked so beautiful .
there were some that looked like rockets shooting up in the sky .
while others looked like big sparkly stars .
if you looked close it looks as though some small ones are inside the big ones .
but looking once more they are just right next to the big firework .
while sitting at the river bay we saw a organization organization light on a boat floating by .
all of a sudden they started setting off fire words from their boat .
the fireworks launched high into the night sky .
the fire works lasted for about 10 minutes . they lit up the night sky in all types of beautiful colors .
we were so happy and excited to see this surprise fireworks show from the shore .
dreaming about eatery in the hospital .
waffle house , dunkin donuts , mcdonalds , so many to choose from .
organization organization is the first choice in this eatery field trip .
toast , bacon , eggs , grits , nothing like this at the hospital .
this is just the beginning .
[male] ordered the biggest thing on the meny .
he decided to eat himself into a food coma .
he read a tour guide while eating .
he ate until he passed out .
he awoke in the hospital disappointed that he had eaten the whole thing .
watching the monitor , ca n't understand it .
i decide to take a nap .
i dreamt about my coffee .
breakfast now ,
they gave me a real breakfast , goody goody .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place .
father went to organization organization for breakfast yesterday .
he ate a big platter of bacon and eggs .
we were discussing things to do around location .
this is where we ended up .
all that food made father very sick and he had to be put in the hospital .
today was the day of the folklife festival .
lots of really neat things were on display for purchasing .
their were lots of artisans showing off their products and skills .
more artisans and their culture was fun to see .
they had presentations on lots of different topics .
the smithsonian folklife festival was about to kick off .
this man made alcohol for the event .
this woman dressed up .
this man prepared a hookah .
he smoked it with his friends .
we headed down to the festival this weekend .
a lot of cultural education goes on here .
weaving on a loom is an amazing process .
the women dress in bold colors .
a lot of people came to the celebration .
i went down to the festival .
there were many different kinds of cultures there .
they were all very interesting .
i had a great time watching them .
they made some interesting things .
arriving at the folklife festival .
a booth full of colorful fabrics .
making a piece of clothing .
the ladies seating on the floor and sewing .
watching a cooking show .
we went to the long island pier to see fireworks .
we got there really early to get good seats .
we had packed food , so we had a picnic there .
as it got darker , more people arrived .
the fireworks were beautiful and we were right under them .
it was the 4th of july in location location .
people gathered to celebrate .
they held picnics .
they waited for the sunset .
then they enjoyed the fireworks .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place
the girls went out for a fun day together .
they went down to long island for the day .
they had a picnic lunch with all their friends .
then nightfall came and they continued on with their fun .
they even found some fireworks being set off .
since the rock concert was open to the public , there was a large number of attendees who camped out nearby on the boardwalk .
overhead the stage was being set and everyone was excited for the show to start .
once the show begun , the crowd was almost elbow to elbow , but there was still enough room to pull out snacks and begin to eat .
the concert and festivities lasted until nighttime , but that was n't the end of it .
afterward there was a big fireworks display that seemed to illuminate the entire sky .
we attended a summer tattoo party today
we need had a few beers to ease the pain
all the guys walked around showing off their brand new tattoos
here is another photo of a tattoo design
this guy loved his new tattoo
it was time to celebrate location .
the twins were so excited .
bojangles decided to flex his stuff .
bubba don showed off his shades and tattoo .
little ben passed out under the flag .
this man took his shirt off and had lame tattoos .
another man showed me his chugging skills .
i was ready to leave when this guy said it would we worth it .
i soon realized that the men were very lame .
one man was flexing and showing off .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place
did you bring anything to smoke , he asked .
nope , but i got some beer this friend told him .
[male] said , he knew where to get something .
[male] , the dude with the mustache had some .
cool , he said , introduce me .
they were ready for a crazy night .
the cat knew something was up .
the fireworks were on fully display .
so many fun things to do .
he got the hang of it after awhile .
we were all ready for the 4th of july celebration
the fireworks began with these lovely red ones
and the twin great show
these red ones looked like flowers
and it ended with the white circles
we had a great silly 4th of july .
the cat did n't like the noise too much .
the fireworks were grand and very loud .
it 's amazing that you can be a sparkler artist .
the shapes and whirls were mesmerizing .
remind me to never take pictures while i 'm heavily intoxicated again .
we had a great time last night enjoying the fireworks for the 4th of july .
the only problem was that i could n't hold the camera steady enough to take a good picture .
that tequila was amazing .
[male] put on a great show for us as well . i wish i could really remember the night , but i was too drunk .
it was the night of the big fireworks display .
it literally started off with a bang .
the light show was simply gorgeous .
there were a lot of really unique ones .
and some would just plain leave you in awe .
it was time for the annual family bbq .
the park was pretty empty so there was plenty of room to have fun .
some people even brought their dogs .
some people went out on bike rides .
everyone had a nice dinner in the city together to end the night .
the family got together for a cookout for the 4th of july .
they grilled a ton of delicious food to feast on .
aunt [female] even brought her new puppy for everyone to see .
after eating , they rode their bikes into the city .
they sat on the rooftop while they watched the fireworks .
the good thing about summer is the cookouts .
parks are the best place to cook out .
look at this puppy one of my friends brought .
we biked though the park after lunch .
check out the view we had after dark !
awesome family picnic at the park .
we are going to play some volleyball .
the dog is adorable , he does n't want to walk he 's royalty .
taking some time to ride the bikes in the park for the day .
location location city at night 4th of july .
there was food
and the girl was walking .
she held a dog
and there were bikes
in the sunset .
the fourth of july is an important day in location and is usually celebrated with fireworks .
there are many different types of fireworks with many different colors .
some of them look like animals . this could be a sea anemone !
some of them even look like people dancing in the sky !
fireworks use different chemicals and metals to make many different colors . iron is used to make fireworks red .
the two fireworks going off together were great
the large firework at the end made the show
the mixture of blue and red made the fireworks special
the large purple fireworks were something to enjoy
the big ball of fireworks made the night something special
the firework show started out quite beautifully .
they continued to be amazing , and he could n't take his eyes off of them .
i especially loved the mixing of colors .
sometimes , they even seemed to make shapes .
the finale was something to remember forever .
taking pictures of fireworks can be really tricky . this is my favorite .
you have to get the settings right on your camera to catch all the light and have it not blur .
here you can see some of the smoke from the explosion .
this is one i 'll probably toss . it just sort of fizzles on the ground .
if you leave the lens open extra long you can get all the trailing light in the shot , too .
i love the fourth of july , every year they have some of the most beautiful displays .
caught this at a distance , it was just breathtaking .
the colors , was just astonishing .
with the grand finally lasting forever .
have no clue what kind of firework this was , but makes a great addition to my collection .
the baby looked at something that pondered their interest
the baby was eating on the porch while she looked
the couple were cooking bbq while outside
the couple were with their baby as they were having a good time
the fireworks were huge and viewed from the outside
we started off our celebration of this holiday by having some food via bbq .
then we decided to simply relax on the grass .
the baby was extremely intrigued by the water and decided to walk around .
the baby was very excited about the day and was very hyper .
the fireworks finally began and everyone enjoyed this day very much .
what is that noise ?
i dont like it .
no one else seems scared by it .
maybe i like it too .
oh its those pretty lights in the sky .
[female] has always been a curious little girl .
she likes to put everything she can find in her mouth .
grandma and grandpa were taking about how to keep her busy over the 4th of july so she would n't eat everything she could find .
mom and dad stepped in and decided they had a plan .
the took her to the fireworks and she did n't chew on anything the whole time .
little heather was enjoying her day .
watching her parents cook on the grill for the 4th of july .
the parents were cooking and making food for the family .
mom and dad with their precious little girl .
they watch the fireworks and say goodnight .
we went to location for fourth of july .
the fireworks started with the bright purple flames .
they threw in some patriotic colors to the beat of the location the beautiful .
we watched as the fireworks changed colors before our eyes .
after thirty minutes tey finished and we went home .
we flew into location location just to watch the fourth of july fireworks in the nation 's capital .
green and yellow blasts made me think of the verdant hills and valleys of our country .
blue caused me to the of spacious skies and abundant water we 're blessed with .
red made me think of the blood that had been shed to secure the country for those of us celebrating this day .
by the end of the show , there in location location , this american shed tears .
the plane flew over the capital .
[female] could see the fireworks below .
they were spectacualr this year .
the bright lights lit up the night sky with fire .
the big finale was more amazing than ever .
airforce one flew over the location monument before the fireworks began .
they started with a burst of blue .
then came the beautiful red .
then the finale began .
it was a sight to behold .
we were flying into the city .
the fireworks show was amazing .
there were many different colors .
they were mostly red , white , and blue .
we had a great time .
she held her dad 's hand as they found a spot to sit .
this is a good spot for the show .
there are others waiting for the fireworks , too .
she is wondering when they will start .
the fireworks have begun !
grandpa took my daughter to location for the fourth of july .
he loves my little girls as much as he loves me .
he took to the awesome parades .
then they went to the see the fireworks .
the best part is always the last when they throw all the fireworks into the air at the same time .
my grand daughter and i decided we needed some time to our self so we decided to go to the fireworks together by ourselves .
first stop was to get a glow stick , and of course it was pink !
then we had to test it out , did n't work the best but that is ok .
i think that baily was getting tired just before the fireworks started .
but , when the fireworks started baily was wide awake and we were able to enjoy the show !
a father brought his daughter downtown to the celebration .
they look pictures together and got candy .
the daughter was so excited for the show to start as it got dark out .
a candid photo showed the little girls american spirit .
a firework boomed in the sky as the show finally began .
in our way to the firework show .
there is a lot of people on the streets
a street full of vendors .
firework show is starting .
the grande finale .
i visited my friend in location location .
i took a boat over from location location .
we were meeting to watch fireworks for july 4th .
there were so many other people there .
the fireworks were really cool to see though !
here i go again for , y daily bike ride
i traveled past the falls again this morning
my friend [female] and i got home and decided to go see fireworks
this is a close up of me looking at [female]
finally the fireworks began . are n't they beautiful
friends out having a good time before the show .
the boats are speeding and making waves .
a lot of people arrive at the firework show before it starts .
at night more people comes to the firework show before the shows starts .
finally the firework show starts and everyone enjoys them .
my girlfriend and i arrived downtown .
we awaited the big show ...
however , there was a parade first .
then , finally the crowd cheered ...
and i saw the fireworks take off in the background .
the women decided to meet at the park to watch the july 4th festivities .
the fire boats in the harbor used their water cannons .
the crowd gathered , waiting for the sun to set .
when it was nearly dark , the crowd eagerly awaited the fireworks show .
the fireworks show exploded into the sky with brilliant colors and loud booms .
it 's time for the 4th of july parade !
the cowgirls are having fun marching .
now on to the rodeo .
roping calves is a tough business .
the participants stage their own version of the `` running of the organization . ''
its time for the 4th of july parade .
oh no ! what 's that ?
seems all the animal shave gotten out .
i 'll save you ! let me wrangle up these here cows .
everything is back to normal now . enjoy your parade , little ladies .
the 4th of july rodeo was a lot of fun .
we brought the entire family to the event .
we had a great time watching all of the animals .
there were many of them .
afterward they had to round them all up .
yeeehaw , it 's 4th of july ya 'll ! no one celebrates like our city !
the kids got on their straw hats and marched in the two tooth parade . so cute !
nothing says independence like choking out a calf !
most cities do fireworks but we find that upsets our animals , and as you can see we 're deeply concerned with their well being .
remember folks , we 're here because of the fine men and women of the organization organization , so next time you tighten your noose around a baby cows neck , thank a soldier !
the 4th of july parade was a big hit .
the kids stole the show .
the day was filled with american traditions .
i thought it was fun and there was a lot going on with this show .
a lot of people on the field at the same time it was a great way to end the festivities .
the friends gathered at the party .
[male] cooked the party patrons some burgers .
after dinner they got drunk .
[male] got so drunk he mooned himself in the mirror .
the night ended with fireworks , but luckily not any jail time .
time for a 4th of july cookout !
she blew some bubbles while the food was cooking .
the chicken was finally ready to eat .
he went outside to get a good viewing spot .
the fireworks were spectacular .
we put on a great bbq for the 4th of july .
[male] put a lot of patience into grilling burgers .
some people were content to drink .
others thought we all wanted to see their butts .
we watched the fireworks from our porch , in comfort .
today we decided to have a party at my house .
my boyfriend grilled the food for us . so glad he did n't burn it !
here 's my boyfriends best friend . he 's annoying , but i love him .
i think he 's had too much to drink . i hope he does n't puke on my carpet .
we then all went outside to watch the fireworks . it was a good party .
[male] and his aa cohort are having a 4th of july party .
all the drinking made them hungry , so they decided to do some grilling .
after dinner , [male] is contemplative on the balcony .
he goes to use the restroom , but it 's occupied . oh well !
[male] and friends are ready for the sun to go down and the fireworks to go up !
i went with my girlfriend to see the fireworks on the fourth of july .
the crowd was thin before the sun went down .
after the sun went down more people started to show up .
the fireworks were awesome .
i especially like it when they set several off at the same time .
huge crowds showed up for the annual fireworks display .
kids every where were playing with sparklers , laughing with excitement .
sadly , some people apparently did n't know how to behave in public .
we watched the event from the bridge .
the display was beautiful and i 'll be back to watch again next year .
people gathered downtown after dark to watch fireworks .
a lady plays with a sparkler just before the sun goes down .
a wall with graffiti on it is the resting place for one man .
the aerial view of the city shows all of the lights .
the firework show begins with bright blue explosions .
everybody was getting their cameras ready to shoot pictures of fireworks .
the fireworks were shot over the water so some people sat on their balconies .
everybody else found a place near the water to watch the show .
the fireworks shined so bright over the water .
even the ones that were just plain white shined so beautifully . it was a nice night .
my friends and i went out to see fireworks on july 4th .
we picked the perfect spot to sit at .
a lot of people came .
the fireworks looked so beautiful .
i hope to come next year too .
today was our trip to location location .
the place was crowded with people but we still enjoyed ourselves .
the beach was bustling with people .
once we got away from the boardwalk we found a nice quiet pond .
the night ended with us watching fireworks .
[male] [male] took us to the vegan festival .
it was filled with a ton of people preaching about who veganism had changed their lives .
they had plant exhibitions .
also , animals to entertain the children while the adults preached .
we left right after the speeches ended .
the streets were packed for the free concert .
everyone gathered to see the band .
around the corner you could see some cool cacti growing .
i even spotted a cute sea turtle .
this little girl was just playing in the water fountain .
i thoroughly enjoy these types of events . we have an opportunity to meet many different types of people .
the turn out was enormous . there are so many people here . i hope i do n't get lost .
look at how beautiful the beach is . i think it was a great idea to have the event here .
here are a couple of my friends , taking in the fresh air , and admiring the beautiful sights and sounds .
at the end of the event , there were fireworks . fireworks are always a great way to end any event .
the crowd awaits for the new attraction to open , taking pictures of the entrance .
people from surrounding cities await for the grand opening .
as you enter the park it has different areas for you to explore .
boats take you on the rivers to see the wild life .
at dark the park puts on a fire works display that is full on color and noise .
this is my grandpa , he needs a bra .
but i find it awfully funny when he runs or jumps !
oh ! daddy says it 's time to eat ! the sooner i have dinner the sooner i can go see the awesome fireworks !
i ate all my dinner , daddy is so proud of me ! oi , i really hope he does n't toss me up again , something might come out .
daddy was right ! there are fireworks , this is awesome , i 'm going to make sure to eat my dinner every night
grandpa was happy to have the family over for the 4th .
his granddaughter also came for a visit .
they were so happy to see each other . they played for a long time .
grandpa took her to see some fireworks .
she was scared of the loud boom , but excited by the bright colors . it was a perfect day .
it was fourth of july weekend , and the family was getting together for a good time .
the kids were all here , and little [female] was particularly excited about fireworks later .
daddy played with [female] as they waited for nightfall .
finally , the fireworks began !
it was a beautiful celebration for a beautiful country .
this is granpa 's house in which his son and granddaughter are visiting
the little granddaughter is having a good day visiting grandpa
but , now the little girl is hungry so it is time for lunch
the little girl is fed now and her daddy is asking her if she is excited to see the fireworks
it is the 4th of july and grandpa , his son and granddaughter are watching the fireworks .
[male] grew his organization organization beard in the wrong season .
[female] was having a lot of fun this evening .
though she had to eat her dinner before having more fun .
[male] lifted her up in the air several times .
then fireworks exploded outside because it was independence day .
[male] had fun on his last day of summer .
they got to spend a lot of time in the pool playing games .
[male] 's baby brother wanted to play to but he was n't ready he did n't have any swimmys on .
time to lay back on the floats and relax a bit .
kick those legs little buddy , his dad told him .
my family had a great time over the 4th of july . first we went to the pool .
then we had a snack on the back porch . i had cheese crackers and pretzels , my favorite !
my dad , brother , and i decided to have a beanbag tournament .
i was losing , so i tried a new tactic ! it did n't work !
after dark , we played with sparklers and fireworks . it was a great 4th !
the kid is very happy while drinking his juice and eating his crackers .
the boy and man is swimming and stops and look over the pool .
the baby is happy and smiling while sitting next to the pool .
the boy is in his floater , floating in the water .
the man plays with the boy while he in his floater .
having fun in the pool .
eating chips and drinking juice .
teaching him how to juggle .
catching sacks .
celebrating the 4th of july .
my child is a real handful on the weekends .
the easiest way to tame him is to take him to the pool .
he can literally swim for eight hours and not tire of it .
maybe it 's because of all the pool games that the community center has to offer .
or maybe it 's because his brother is always right there to play with him .
we hung out in the park and listened to the street musicians .
my wife got some reading done while we were there .
we rested in the warm sunny weather .
a lot of people were lounging at the park .
once night fell it was time to follow the neon for a drink .
there are so many things to do in the park . you can play a game of chess .
you can play your guitar , or stop to listen to someone play their guitar .
you can sit on a bench and read a good book .
you ban do a little sun bathing .
or best of all , you can just snuggle and enjoy the day with your loved one .
i love a relaxing day in the park . i like to start with a nice quiet game of chess with one of the masters who frequent this place .
i then like to hang out in the musical corner of the park where there is always a great artist playing for free . there 's some real talent here .
on a nice warm day i like to find a quiet bench and pull out a book for some reading time . today is one of those days .
wait , who is this guy just staring at me . what are you looking at fella ?
oh crap , i think i pissed him off . this day is turning out to be less peaceful than i imagined !
time for a fun day in the park , first a game of chess .
then listen to a street musician play on his guitar .
i like to sit and read for a few in the sun .
my buddy likes to relax and not read .
this is what my buddy did to me for reading .
walking through the park we catch a free show from this local guitar player .
taking a rest on the bench for a quick minute .
sitting in the shade , these two take a break from the hot sun .
a young couple lounge on the grass catching up on a bit of rest .
the neon signs of the town are some of my favorite things to see when taking a trip to the city .
it was 4th of july and the park was packed .
i barely made enough food to feed everyone .
the sun started to set we knew the fireworks would start soon .
[male] could n't wait for everyone he had already started drinking .
finally the sky light up with the lights of the fireworks . it was a clear night so you could see the fireworks perfectly .
[female] took several minutes of her time to take a business phone call .
there were quire a few delicious casseroles at the picnic .
i was really glad someone brought a healthy salad .
[female] showed her funny side and did some gymnastics in the grass .
the fireworks show was one of the best i 've ever seen .
i 'm so excited ! we 're having our annual 4th of july picnic !
i brought my famous chicken casserole , it did n't last long !
do n't forget the 7 layer salad , it did n't do quite as well as the chicken casserole , but why would it !
we all get a little antsy waiting for fireworks to start , krissy is off doing flippies and cartwheels in the field .
finally the moment we 've all been waiting for , the fireworks are here !
all of the friends gathered at the park for a 4th of july picnic .
everyone brought a dish to share with the group .
after the meal , everyone walked to the top of the park , where they could see a beautiful view of the city .
they waited along the overlook for the fireworks show to begin .
as soon as it got dark , the sky exploded with the colors and sounds of the fireworks show .
the friends and family gathered at he park for the day .
the casserole that was made was half eaten .
the city skyline looked beautiful that night .
the man was seen near the dock with a bottle .
the fireworks show was spectacular .
looks a great time for fireworks !
oh yeah , we definitely had to go in there !
here the kids were getting ready for the show .
they even had people walking down the streets .
i 'm not sure but i think captain [female] came to save the day !
everybody was ready for 4th of july .
but we had to go get supplies .
they were n't so ready to wait until nightfall .
once it got dark , we started out small with sparkles .
we made sure to finish the night right with some creativity .
this is where the fireworks were sold .
we walked in to browse .
the girls waited patiently to see the night 's work .
the crowd supporters walked with their posters .
his costume was amazing and fitting for the occasion .
a family celebrated the 4th of july holiday .
they visited a fireworks store .
the children sat on the street curb , waiting for the 4th of july parade to begin .
the small-town parade featured people carrying banners and children wearing costumes .
a little kid was dressed as captain location and ran during the parade .
there was a big sign
and people were near .
the children were not happy
about the sign
and they were running .
i went to the local auto show last weekend .
some of the cars there were amazing .
they were all very old and classic cars .
they had been very well kept .
some of them were very expensive .
today i went to the annual classic car show in my town .
i met some of the people who organized the show .
i posed for a selfie in front of a classic green car .
during the show , a lot of people just sat down to rest and have a good chat .
the show also featured classic musical instruments such as bass guitars .
it was a nice day to check out the car show .
we met up with some friend while we were there .
i snapped a selfie in front of this classic car .
after we all sat around waiting for the concert to start .
the band started setting up it 's instruments .
the classic car convention began and all the cars were excited .
a flashy hot rod was getting the most attention from the female cars .
but [male] was smitten with his neighbor , [female] .
[female] was sleek and yellow , just [male] 's type .
he could tell she was in awe of the hot rod , but [male] decided to throw his hat into the ring and began a conversation with her .
it 's a beautiful sunday at the local auto swap meet . let 's see what they 're got .
look at that t-bucket . mint condition !
classic grocery-getter in blue . perfect for the little woman !
motivated owner ready to strike a deal !
one owner , low miles , whitewall tires and easy financing rolled into one !
i woke up yesterday and i had to clean my room .
it was a mess everywhere .
after i finished i made some food for myself because i was starving .
i spent some time thinking about what to do next .
i decided to head out into the town for the night .
it 's going to be a long day .
tension already fills the air , though bright sunlight streams in the window .
breakfast is still important though , so bagels it is .
then we prepare hard for what is to come .
it has come to this , and everyone attacks .
i woke up and checked the weather outside before leaving .
we saw some seeds spilled on the way to the restraunt .
i ordered a healthy meal .
after we finished we stayed and talked .
i sat on a park bench to take a break from long walking .
i was so grateful for my sister allowing me to move in with her after my divorce .
i started to eat a bit more healthier , and these seeds are part of my journey .
i cut out bread , and just ate meant amd vegetables .
my sister wants me to help her with a healthy lifestyle as well .
she is a sweet person , and deserves all the happiness .
enjoying some good books , love to read .
looking out the window to see what is going on .
look at the food that just got done , looks good .
trying to act crazy , what a fun day .
walking around and getting ready to go party .
we went to go see a baseball game .
we had fun goofing around .
someone brought the flag here .
we cheered loudly for the game .
afterward , we played with our kids .
it is date night for [male] and [female] .
being sports fans they decided to attend a baseball game .
they are having a great time and being goofy .
[male] strikes a pose with his sweet ride .
meanwhile , their kids are at home with the babysitter .
[male] and [female] were ready for the game .
they watched the organization play in the final round .
[female] kept being silly for some reason .
they came home to the car being decked out in flags .
the kids had caught a bunny was well .
before the ball game started we had a few beers and made silly faces in the camera .
the game started and our team was winning .
we made more goofy faces .
leaving the parking lot we posed by this car .
when we got home the kids played outside and caught a turtle .
i had a great time at the ball game .
i brought my girlfriend with me .
i also brought the flag as well .
the game was very exciting .
the kids were playing nearby .
the fourth of july is my favorite time of year .
i always enjoy the vibrant colors of the fireworks .
fireworks are so amazing to witness at night when they light up the sky .
i especially enjoy the fireworks that have sparkles and make loud noises .
i look forward to the fourth of july every year and ca n't wait until next year .
watching the 4th of july fireworks show with friends .
firework going up the sky .
huge colorful one blasting in the sky .
beautiful colors and huge explosion .
the grand finale .
fireworks lit up the sky .
they blazed with several different colors .
some went higher than others .
while others turned more into sparklers .
they really set the night on fire .
i always love going to the park on the 4th of july for the fire works .
every time a new fire work goes off you can here the crowd go `` ohhh , aww '' .
this year the town out did what they did last year on fire works .
this year the fire works seemed endless .
this was the last and the best of the fireworks for the night .
the fireworks were spectacular .
there were red ones .
there were also blue fireworks that made a star pattern .
the finale was amazing .
the multicolored fireworks were the biggest .
we decided to take a hike on our day off .
we came across some used fireworks containers .
there was also an abandoned house .
we came across some mushrooms so we picked them .
we began to hear thunder so we decided to head home .
i went for walk in the woods yesterday .
i found some abandoned toys while i was there .
it was very rainy that day .
i managed to spot a rainbow in the distance .
i was tempted to eat some of the mushrooms there .
i decided to go on a photo-walk tonight .
out at one of the kid parks , i was surprised at how empty it was .
there was no one playing anywhere in the area , but the quiet was nice .
i love the parks trails around here for my photo-walks , because you never know what you might find !
today was certainly a great day for it too , or i may have missed out on this !
we went for a walk .
there were lots of weird things out today .
some times we did n't see color .
other times we were very small .
and the clouds were amazing .
we saw mushrooms when camping
we also found abandoned toys but they were not natural .
we got caught in a rainstorm and had to walk through puddles .
at least in the end , we saw a rainbow after the storm .
this was a good camping trip and we brought back a lot of mushrooms .
today was the fourth of july , we had to find our viewing spot a few hours in advance .
we could see the launching pad where the fireworks were to be shot off , we had the best viewing spot possible .
as soon as it started getting late , we were getting more excited for the show to start .
when it finally went off , it did n't disappoint us .
this was probably the best show i have seen since i was a child .
it was july 4th and we were heading into the city to see fireworks .
we got to the city and went to find a good spot for viewing .
this is the city by day .
this is the city by night .
the city made a beautiful backdrop for the fireworks .
we made it to the city to watch fireworks .
we got our spots and watched the barges while the sun set .
nighttime finally came and we took in the beauty of the city .
the fireworks started with red fireworks .
multiple fireworks exploded during the finale .
we went out to the city for the forth of july
we took some pictures of the water in the afternoon
then we waited for the fireworks at night
they were so great and colorful
we loved all the different colors and fireworks
it was a lovely , yet fading day .
we enjoyed the city together , gathering down by the water .
the anticipation for the evening was present , and we reveled in it as we waited .
the sun set , and the city lit up in wonder .
then the festivities began , and the sky responded in kind : lighting up in brilliant flashes of color .
we went out picking blueberries in the morning sun .
they were ripe and ready to be picked .
i could n't believe the size of the patch .
they are a beautiful sight .
my wife took a break and posed on a rock .
i woke up this morning and thought `` what a beautiful morning , we have to do something ! ''
[male] wanted blueberry pancakes , only one problem , we 're all out of blueberries ! it was a sign , we 're going berry picking today !
[male] grabbed his basket and we headed out to the fields .
despite the blueberries looking so delicious , he opted for raspberries today ( it 's okay because they looked equally as delicious ! )
while [male] did the dirty work i sat back to watch the world around me , in all fairness , i did have to take the berries home and make his breakfast still . the pancakes were great , but we 'll be back tomorrow for those blueberries !
we went out to pick some of our own fruits and veggies
there were plenty of fresh blueberries
there were other people that were picking too
the raspberries looked so good
we finally finish and took a break before heading home
i went over to the blueberry farm yesterday .
there were a lot of berries ripe for the picking .
i spent a few hours picking all the berries i could find .
there were so many .
when i was done i sat in the sun eating them .
it was a beautiful day to go out and pick some berries .
the blueberries sweet and juicy .
it was easy to pick enough to last us till winter .
while we were out we found a lot of raspberries as well .
it might not seem like hard work but even berry picking gets tiring in the middle of summer .
i went out with family to get a meal together .
we enjoyed the drinks they served us .
we all had fun joking around .
this was a picture of the whole group .
they were really glad to see each other .
my brother came into town after graduating from college .
we met at a restaurant and had some wine some of our family .
we all got together for a group photo after dinner .
me and my brother took a photo together for the first time in years .
all three of us brother did a final photo of us together .
birthday time for [male] !
his sister and her husband joined .
everyone else was there too .
kevins uncle stan came from location .
as did stan 's husband [male] who kept trying to photo bomb the pictures .
we had a great night out with our friends
glasses of wine were enjoyed
we made sure to get in a group picture
[male] and josh wanted their picture taken too
all in all it was a great time with friends
he smiled as he stirred the large beverage container .
they posed with a glass of wine .
people began to laugh .
the group posed together .
another group of three posed while smiling .
today we had a town meeting to figure out what to do with those punk kids in the neighborhood .
word had leaked to the local news station , channel 8 actually had the nerve to show up and record us !
of course with the local news covering the story we could n't discuss what we had originally planned .
[male] did n't get that memo , when it was his turn with the mic he went on and on about how he sits on his front porch throwing firecrackers at kids passing by..opps .
we finished up the meeting early , thanks to the woman seated right here , [female] . it just so happened to be [female] that got the media involved , needless to say , she wo n't be made aware of the next meeting ! !
a meeting was held where office holders made presentations .
there were posters outlining details of agenda .
the meeting was well-attended by spectators , who came dressed in their everyday clothes .
there were professional camera documenting the discussions .
the main speakers were seated around a table , where they took turns addressing the issues .
today we attended at conference for work .
we listened to the speaker talk about efficiency .
the audience listened closely and took notes .
the confrence was being recorded .
we had the chance to ask questions .
everyone gathered around for the conference .
even the janitors were invited .
they listed quietly as new rules were made .
they debated profusely on getting wages .
all in all the meeting was a success , everyone got what they needed .
the conference meeting was very boring .
no one had anything useful to say .
i had to sit there all day long and listen to everyone .
we had even brought in cameras so that we could watch the meeting again later .
i could n't stand it .
we had a fantastic vacation to the mountains this spring .
there were waterfalls coming from the snow melting on the mountains .
we set the timer on the camera to take a photo of us in front of the falls .
my girlfriend was busy reading the maps for the rest of our hike .
she found us a route that brought us to a bridge over the river back to our campsite .
we met the helicopter on the bluest lagoon you have ever seen .
he took us quickly into the air..
and we took a seat by the waterfall..
we enjoyed our lunch and looked at our maps ...
and , we finished the day with one last photograph of the mountain view .
the view of the lake was gorgeous .
there was also a large waterfall nearby .
my girlfriend and i took a lot of pictures .
we brought a lot of food with us .
after we finished eating we packed everything up and headed back home .
the lake and mountains were very beautiful .
a large waterfall was seen streaming down the mountain .
they took a moment to pose in front of the waterfall .
she took a moment to relax and snack .
they crossed the rapids over a bridge .
sights like this one were the reason we set off on a hike in the first place .
the mountains , streams and powerful waterfalls made a big impression on us .
there was nobody we could ask to take our picture but we managed somehow .
lunchtime was also an opportunity to consult the map .
the scenery was constantly changing so the hike was never boring .
we took the family and the dog to the beach .
the ladies had fun just laughing about .
the children had fun playing with water .
she also crawled into tubes .
he had fun with his hair .
finally summer is here . it 's pool time .
i love playing in the pool !
when i need a break from the sun , i hide in my special tube .
my mom likes to do crazy things with my hair .
aah . my mom refueling me so i can have more fun . i love her .
it was summer and everyone was happy .
ricks family was having a blast on the beach .
the little ones played in a pool .
crawled through tunnels .
and got awesome hair cuts .
she was having so much fun in the pool .
she liked playing in the water .
they even set up a tunnel .
his hair was crazy looking .
she was trying to get him to eat .
when i finished playing with my dog at the beach i decided to head back home .
i said goodbye to all of my friends there .
when i got home i had to give my kids a bath .
they were very excited to take a bath .
we tried out some interesting hairstyles .
this is [male] , my dog .
we moved off the grid , this is where our house is .
this is the view from our front porch .
we get water the old fashioned way , by a pump .
i love our new mountain , of the grid living .
we decided to hike location location location .
we spotted a small lake way down below us .
the view of the snowy mountain was fantastic .
the rocky outcroppings were very majestic .
the dog did n't care ; he just wanted to dig .
we took our dog to the mountains with us for our hike .
i photoshopped the picture to show where our house is .
we got farther on the mountain
and we saw what looked like a pipe in the ground .
on the way back down we checked out the other side of the mountain .
i brought my dog with me on the hike last week .
there were a lot of trees out there .
the views were spectacular .
i found some man made devices even way out there .
i spent all day out there with my dog .
the dog was alert and ready to go .
a picture of landscape appeared with a location of a house .
the mountain was seen against the sky .
some type of tool was shown .
the mountains met the trees .
we got pretty bored this summer as evidenced by trying to melt a [male] [male] action figure 's crotch with a magnifying glass .
we were pretty bored . it did n't work so well .
then we played some video games for a while and that got boring too !
so we took a trip to the beach , but the water was still too cold to enjoy swimming .
we then drove up to the mountains to then skateboard down them . we finally had a lot of fun .
[male] had an easy life .
he loved to play with his action figures .
he also played video games .
he got bored and tried to light a stick with a magnifying glass . t
then he went into the water .
we took a trip up to see grandma and grandpa
[male] loved playing with all the old toys
he had never seen a tv so small
he loved going and playing in the water
all in all he had such a great time
he was working with something on the ground .
a close up of an unknown material was shown .
they were watching something on the tv .
he enjoyed the surf on a calm day .
he got low as he rollerbladed down the road .
it 's been his dream forever to try it out in real life .
the test subject was an unfortunate plastic toy .
vacation is the best time to catch up on video games .
the water was surprisingly chilly and the surf was n't very good .
despite bad surf the boys managed to stay active during the day .
i went to location location location last week .
the views there were spectacular .
i brought my girlfriend along with me .
we took a lot of pictures of the water .
the current was very fast .
during our vacation to location , we saw the most beautiful sunsets over the water .
it was my sister 's birthday , so we had a birthday dinner with the whole family .
they bought her the cutest hawaiian doll cake with matching cupcakes .
the cakes were divine - chocolate with a cream filling and a strawberry flavored fondant on the top .
everyone drank their fair share of the spirits and had a wonderful time .
we had such a great vacation
we were able to see the nearby lake
take in all the great views from around the lake
there was even a small waterfall which was pretty amazing
we had such a great time and plan on going back
we arrived at location location location in the morning ready for a long day of hiking .
the views of the mountains in the distance were amazing .
we stopped by a waterfall to take a couple quick photos .
the water flowed rapidly but the sound of the bubbling water was so relaxing .
we were very careful not to slip as we are n't strong swimmers .
[male] and his girl friend took a trip to location location location .
the lake was beautiful .
they climbed up on a rock to get a good look at the water flowing .
it was a long way down from the rock .
the water falling is a great sight to see .
we went to my parent 's house for christmas .
we saw many people we had n't seen for quite some time .
we took lots of pictures .
opening presents was fun .
everyone had a great time .
the family had a wonderful time on christmas .
we opened lots of presents .
we had a wonderful dinner a restaurant .
we ended the night with a few drinks .
we settled down in the living room to talk and watch television .
it was girls night out .
all the college friends were able to gather .
they posed in front of the tree for their christmas card .
they showed off their gifts .
everyone had a great time .
the whole family is gathered for the holidays .
some of us got some really great gifts .
then we all went out for a nice dinner .
met up with some friends for a couple of drinks .
what a great day everyone is having , great to see everyone .
the entire family gathered for the festivities .
even though there were only adults present , the location showed up with gifts .
it was an opportunity to introduce new significant others to the family .
the girls had a lot of fun hanging out after months apart .
overall it was a great holiday season full of love and good times .
[male] and i had a wonderful 4th of july this year . we got to the park early for a picnic overlooking the water .
we knew we had a great spot when we saw the organization blimp .
[male] surprised me with a wonderful homemade picnic .
i could n't thank him enough . a kiss was the least i could do .
the view was unforgettable .
we are spending a day in our beautiful city . here we are by the riverfront .
look at that skyline . it really is something special .
now you can see the skyline at night . a whole different experience from the daytime .
we decided to stay and see the fireworks .
as you can see , the fireworks were spectacular . it was a great day .
i was excited to go to the city and spend the 4th of july with my husband .
we watched a lot of things , including many blimps passing overhead .
we had a picnic in the park , and it was extremely sweet . we had n't done that in years !
it was just the perfect day for us to reconnect since we are both usually so busy .
the night was the best though , because we got to watch the gorgeous fireworks .
i went to the park yesterday .
there was a huge blimp in the sky .
i brought a lot of food for the picnic .
my girlfriend was very impressed .
i surprised her at night with a fireworks show .
today we went into the city for the 4th of july .
here 's the good year blimp flying overhead !
we had a picnic at the park for lunch .
here 's my wife . is n't she cute ?
we ended the night watching fireworks . they were awesome !
we had a great night out with friends .
a lot of people were on the street having a good time .
our friends were excited that we invited them .
they all wanted a photo to remember this night .
everyone was dancing , and very festive .
waking up early to go to a barbecue at a friend 's house .
at the 4th of july barbecue .
on their way to watch the firework show .
friends waiting for the show to start .
husband and wife enjoyed the show .
it was time to celebrate the fourth of july .
the guys on leave dressed up in their uniforms .
families and neighbors gathered around .
siblings took pictures with each other .
the night was crowded and alive with action .
the friends posed for a laugh .
there were armed forces in the night .
two more people posed for a smile .
two more people posed once again .
the night was dark with few lights .
me and some buddies went out tonight .
there were many people on the streets including some army people .
my buddies were all taking many pictures .
they even took some pictures for organization !
all in all , it was an amazing and fun night .
[male] placed a towel over his head to disguise himself from the police searching for him .
outside , officers gathered and had the entire event surrounded .
soon , officers walked toward the crowd and began to describe [male] 's appearance .
[male] knew he needed to leave fast but did n't wish to arose suspicion so he changed from the strange towel disguise into a more inconspicuous hat .
[male] quickly blended into the crowd and managed to escape the police , today .
i went with my friends out on the town last night .
there were a lot of people on the sidewalk .
some police were also there to make sure everyone was safe .
i took some pictures of them while they were n't looking .
afterward we decided to walk around some more .
we all arrived at the concert venue .
police were on the lookout for trouble .
we got checked at the door .
we finally made it in .
we met up with everyone else . the venue was packed .
this night was definitely a chaotic one .
many bystanders were wondering what happened .
police and ambulance showed up at the scene .
everyone was concerned and crying .
the police told people to please leave the scene .
[male] thought he could hear something coming in the distance
woop woop ! it was the sound of the police
they had gotten a tip and came to check some people out
[male] tried to put in a good work for his buddy
but everybody else could only watch as he was taken away
we were n't sure what we were getting into when the road was blocked with cattle .
the campsite was nice , with lots of amenities .
some people started a game of volleyball .
while others headed to the lake for some boating .
we ended the day with a great bonfire .
a couple of friends got together to chill by a nearby lake .
we had a bond fire that day which was pretty cool .
we played volleyball too .
then the alcohol came out and one thing led to another .
we then started smoking marijuana , i forgot how the day ended after that .
pictures of cows are taken while they walk around the farm .
a guy takes a picture by a stack of logs .
a girl puts her head in the soccer ball .
some people get inside of the boat to ride around for a bit .
a fire is being made to keep warm where their at .
the family was exploring a farm today .
there was lots of things going on .
[female] wanted to play volleyball .
[male] wanted to go in the canoe .
at the end of the day they had a fire .
drinking with the fam .
sitting around a fire .
hiding behind a volleyball , i think she 's shy .
check out john pouring this huge bottle of gas into the torch .
the girls of the fam .
walking out the parking lot getting ready to start my day .
a park in a peaceful setting with a set of swings .
gon na go eat at [male] 's french fries , it 's gon na be good !
after [male] 's , i went on to try the fresh buttermilk .
at buttermilk there is a spot that says please return your nugs .
we went to the rodeo today .
they had some serious competitors vying for prizes .
the bull riders always make me nervous !
this was more my style .
they had a clown to make everyone laugh at intermission .
the start of the rodeo has begun .
brave cowboys attempt to break in animals including hordes .
seeing how long they can stay on top of the bull .
even the kids are involved , riding on sheep .
with a bit of laughter as the dogs are involved mobbing the rider .
one of the bucking bronco contestants took his turn .
he was soon flung off the horse .
the man received help with a distracting rider and rodeo clown .
then we headed into the calf scramble .
once the calf was subdued , the contestant began to tie him .
we went to the rodeo .
one of the riders fell off of his white horse rather quickly .
they had a woman riding a horse during the show .
they did cattle wrangling .
he was able to wrangle the cattle in record time .
it was a routine fireworks trial run before the big celebration .
the first rocket tested was `` big red '' known for its vibrant red burst .
however , `` big red '' does n't last for very long .
next up was the crowd favorite `` patriot '' rocket . known for its red , white , and blue combination .
unlike , `` big red '' the `` patriot '' lasts quite some time and ends in a loud burst of blinding white light .
july 4th is my favorite day . the locals always throw a great party .
we started by lighting our own fireworks which is always fun .
then the show started and there were great fireworks in the sky .
fireworks were shot into the air for at least an hour .
the last fireworks were awesome and we had a blast that night , no pun intended .
it is that time of the year again . it is the fourth of july and it time for the fire work show .
it finally got dark and now we can start the show .
the first firework went up and it is was beautiful .
wow ! the colors in these fireworks really turned heads .
the show ended with this firework that disburse so nicely . ca n't wait until next ,
we were patiently waiting for the fireworks to start once it got dark .
the first firework was huge , red and beautiful .
the show was set to beautiful music .
i loved all the different colors and variety of fireworks .
the finale was the best .
the light show on the ground was awesome !
we loved how the scenery changed dramatically upon nightfall !
the lights looked amazing in the sky !
the fireworks enchanted us with their shining light !
we enjoyed the grand finale the most , it was a grand celebration !
my husband and i invited a few friends over for the 4th of july .
we had a few friends bring some beer .
we had nachos and hot dogs for snacks in the kitchen .
one of our friends was really drunk . he wanted to arm wrestle me . i explained that he was not ready for me .
at about 11:30pm , we could see the fireworks from our porch .
this is [female] . i really like [female] . but here is the problem .
[female] likes me too . she is always so happy to see me .
she is also so happy to see [male] ... .
and [male] . even more happy to see all of us if there are drinks involved .
sigh ... .but i really like [female] .
[female] and [male] has a party .
they invited friend 's over for the 4th of july .
there was plenty of food and drinks .
[male] helped out with the cleaning .
they ended he night be going to see fireworks .
it is [female] and [male] 's anniversary .
they are very happy to be together
all their friends have come to celebrate .
[male] is there and wants to party .
[male] gives [female] a kiss .
[male] and [female] held their annual fourth of july party .
all of [male] 's old college friends were invited .
some of the guests were concerned that food was dropping low .
the tension caused some arguments , but
by the time the fireworks went off everyone was fine .
the crowd arrived to watch the fireworks display after dark .
everyone was so excited to celebrate the 4th of july .
then it was time to get the fireworks display started .
they had large red ones go off into the sky .
at the end of the show , they had blue and white fireworks .
we went to the mountain tops of the city to watch the fireworks on 4th of july .
a group of us were very excited that day .
the fireworks were very colorful that day night .
there were many types of fireworks .
this was my favorite firework because it had the most complex explosion .
it was the 4th of july so my friends and i went out to watch fireworks .
it did n't start yet so we took a bunch of photos of ourselves .
the fireworks surprised us when it suddenly sounded , lighting up the sky with sprinkles of bright light .
the dark sky soon turned bright red . it was an amazing sight !
it later calmed down to lighter colored fireworks , showing in the sky with blue and yellow lights .
people get together outside for a night of fireworks .
three sisters are in the crowd .
the fireworks start and all eyes are in the sky .
everyone thinks the fireworks display is grand .
they all gasp in joy at the remarkable finale .
there was such a good aura around the crowd before the fireworks .
we look so darn cute in this picture of us together !
the fireworks started off with a loud bang . i was so startled !
the background of the clouds looked amazing with the red of the fireworks .
the finale was so loud , i wish i brought ear buds . so amazing though .
home done fireworks can be a fun way to spend an evening .
one must always be careful with them , however .
this increases the odds of fun and decreases the chances of a hospital visit .
enjoy the miniature displays of light .
and celebrate the freedom we share .
i have an addiction to fireworks and love lighting them myself .
when i light fireworks i start with the easy ones first .
these are less explosive fireworks i use .
this is the more moderate fireworks i light .
this firework is the most explosive , there 's a little more organization in this bad boy .
dad is the firework master .
i think he lit over 100 fireworks this year .
some of our favorite were the smoke bombs .
we saved the big ones for last .
what a great neighborhood firework show .
our homemade fireworks show was a blast .
we played around with some hand-held fireworks .
the colorful sparklers were fun to twirl around in the air .
other fireworks lit up the area from the ground .
smoke filled the air with each explosive light show .
some friends were together to shoot fireworks outside .
some of the guys held sparklers and used them to light things .
a few of the fireworks went on the ground and rolled around .
some others were bottle rockets in lots of colors .
sparks shot out of the rockets that were on the ground .
the group of friends got together to celebrate the 4th of july .
they watched patiently while the sun went down .
then it was time for the fireworks display .
there were many different colors sparkling in the sky .
after that , they all took turns lighting sparklers .
people around the neighborhood sat together in anticipation of the firework show .
while they waited , children dashed about with sparklers , creating designs in the air with their flailing hands .
some of the adults even joined in as more sparklers were lit .
eventually , the show began , and everyone settled down to enjoy it .
it lasted about 20 minutes , and the finale was spectacular .
everyone loves fireworks , but hates the wait .
we all wait for the sun to set and count the minutes .
then we finally see that one blast hit .
and we know it 's on then .
and afterward , all that waiting did n't seem so bad after all .
we had a party on the fourth of july .
i played around with the exposure and some sparklers .
we lit some colored sparklers too .
there was a huge fireworks display downtown .
i overexposed the finale to see it in all of its glory .
there was a group of people outside watching a fireworks display .
some lights were shaped like different objects .
a few people stood in a circle with some lights .
a large crowd gathered to watch the fireworks in the sky .
several of them were amazing and looked like they were raining down colors onto the crowd .
today we gathered to watch the parade .
the local vfw started the parade off .
there were motorcycle riders .
we even saw a clown band .
of course the horses went last . it was a great parade .
the parade was about to begin when a man and his son were running late on their bikes .
right behind them was his second son .
they made it just in time to hear the parade begin as it did every year with the drummers leading the way .
right behind them was the police force proudly marching along .
and trailing the end of the parade was everyone 's favorite clown band .
we sat on the curb to watch the parade .
local veterans marched with flags .
next a motorcycle group came down .
the kids loved the clown band .
the show ended with horses .
we watched the parade in honor of our service men and women .
veterans marched in the parade .
motorcyclists joined the parade as well .
there were clowns and fun stuff for kids .
some people rode their horses in the parade .
seating on the ground for the parade .
presentation of flags .
men on their motorcycles .
the band is coming through .
cowgirls riding their horses .
gathering at the pool makes for a fun filled day for the family .
everyone is welcome to join in the enjoyment of the water .
more family members arrive to partake .
it 's important to include even the smallest members of the family .
there are endless ways to make it a spectacular day in the pool .
the friends got together to enjoy a day in the pool .
some of them laid out to get some sun .
then they all swam in the water to keep cool .
after it was dark , they all went to the bar for some drinks .
at the end of the night , they all took turns playing pool .
we had our annual pool party last weekend .
even [male] wanted to join in the fun .
[male] was n't so sure if he wanted to get in the water .
he consulted with [male] .
the kids had a blast in the pool .
today was such a nice day out ! [female] looked fabulous in her swimsuit .
[female] wanted to take a dip in the pool as well !
[male] was n't feeling so well for the day . still looked great though !
[male] made sure [female] would n't just hop into the pool by herself .
[female] tied all the floats together to have some fun in the pool . great day !
[male] had everyone over to his house sunday to hit the pool .
and everyone did . even spike wanted to get in .
but [male] explained that spike was n't too good in the water .
so the poor little guy just had to watch .
but that did n't stop anyone else , including suzie who is n't too good in the water either .
we watched some local performers play at our july 4th weekend community gathering .
this band was pretty good . they played pop music .
i liked the female singer the best .
i chatted with the drummer for the band after the show .
we played around with some sparklers before we headed home .
during rehearsals , the roadie set up equipment and stuck around to listen to his work .
the band got together and performed a quick song to test things out .
the keyboardist and back up vocalist began to notice some mishaps with the equipment .
during the climax of the song , the lights and speakers blasted and distorted .
two band members met up after the sound mishap to discuss the possibility of actually getting a proper crew to set up the equipment .
[male] and [male] and [female] had started a garage band . they were playing their first gig .
they decorated the stage with tinsel and an american flag .
[female] sang while the boys played their original songs .
[male] and [male] rehashed how the concert went , what they could improve on .
they were still riding an adrenaline high so they celebrated with sparklers .
singer singing to the crowd .
the band playing the crowd 's favorite .
playing her solo .
seating down after the performance.a
and playing with fire works .
we went to a concert on the fourth of july .
the band was really tight that evening .
in particular the female keyboard player was a fantastic singer .
we took a break later and talked .
and then we light some sparklers .
we took a road trip far away from the nearest town .
we passed mostly large open fields .
then we came to an old historical marker .
after that we found this small blue house .
finally , we found the old small building that was falling apart .
we went to the ruins of a german prisoner of war camp that day .
this was all that was left of the original foundation .
this was a picture of the lodge that had the guides in it .
this was a residential zone that had been built near by .
this is the field that the original pow camp rested in before the burned it to the ground .
a picture of a desert area is taking .
another picture of a desert area next to a do no enter sign .
a statue of a writing is in the middle of the street with writing on it .
a nice blue house is sitting in the desert area with bold writing on it .
a wheel is sitting in a building of bricks in the desert area .
a family is going on road trip and looks at a sign .
along their trip they see alot of old buildings .
they also see abandoned houses .
they wonder why there are so many abandoned places
in such a beautiful area .
this weekend the wife and i headed to meet the in-laws at their home for the first time .
unfortunately we became lost in what seemed like the middle of nowhere .
we stumbled upon a ghost town .
no one was available to give us directions .
it was eerie so we decided we were better off driving on intuition .
had a great family visit.. here 's grandma !
cousins posing for the camera !
even played catch out in the yard !
the skies were pretty while we waited for it to get dark !
fireworks celebration to end the night !
the family got together to celebrate the 4th of july .
then they played football in the back yard .
they watched as the sun was setting .
then they enjoyed a few drinks inside .
after that it was time to enjoy the fireworks display .
we got to spend the 4th with the kids and grandkids .
papa got a work out playing yard games .
it was the most beautiful day .
[male] proposed to [female] after dinner .
and fireworks were the perfect end to the evening .
a family comes out for a daytime get together .
they play some football together .
when dusk rolls around they gaze at the sunset .
after the sunset they go inside for a little while to relax .
as the night goes on they watch some fireworks .
grandma came to the house this 4th to be with all of us .
we had her and all the kids there as well .
and we had some fun playing baseball that afternoon .
the clouds looked kind of bad near sunset .
but it cleared off and the fireworks went on without a hitch .
today we went to frontier days at the park . we saw a hot air balloon .
[female] learned how they used to wash clothes .
the boys ran in the three legged race .
of course there was some face painting .
all in all we all had a wonderful time together .
brought the kids to a local location event !
there was quite a crowd ... mostly local people .
they had all sorts of events.. here 's the boys in the three leg race !
cool displays about old times in location .
and hot air balloon rides for the brave !
big state fair that featured hot air balloons .
showing us how they used to do things in the past .
participating in the three legged race .
even had time to get our face painted on .
watching the activities from the porch .
the balloon says it all - i love location !
laundry used to be so labor intensive .
conjoined twins , dressed alike , participate in the race .
[female] developed a patriotic skin lesion .
the children enjoyed the festivities .
location is for lovers and we sure love our family in location .
the festivities were very authentic , we actually felt like it was decades ago .
they gave each participant their own patriotic hat !
you know our little princess would search out something artsy , love her heart flag .
we all took a breather towards the end of the day to watch some old time dancing .
i attended a small indie concert .
i saw classic 80 's musician perform many songs .
the musician was not nervous at all . he confessed that this was his first show .
the crowd cheered for him to play . they even gave him a standing ovation .
he musician did an encore for the crowd because they requested it .
the audience arrived to watch the band play .
then it was time for the show to begin .
when the band hit the stage they began playing live music .
some of the audience took a lot of pictures .
after that the band took pictures of the audience .
the concert hall was packed tonight .
the band opened up with a favorite hit .
the vocals of the band were strong and vibrant .
fans in the crowd recorded their favorite moments .
and the band graciously came out to perform an encore at the end of the night .
we went to the concert .
the opening act was pretty awesome .
the main act came on stage and the crowd yelled .
we could n't believe how great they sang .
they even took pictures of the crowd .
our town had it 's first concert in the fall series last night .
fall really was n't here yet , but it 's never too soon to start .
the concert was great and a lot of local bands played .
everyone seemed to have a great time .
even the performers that stopped to take pictures of the crowd .
today we drove out to where we are going to build our cabin .
this is where the cabin will be built .
here is where we will plant our garden .
we gathered some firewood .
then we finished by clearing some brush .
the johnson family arrived for their weekly hike in the woods.they were trying a new spot this week !
they walked for hours and hours that day .
they came across many beautiful things during their hike .
when they stumbled upon a beautiful clearing mom knew she had to take some clippings from the forest so they could always remember this magical day .
now whenever they go on the back porch they see these pots and remember what fun they had and why its important to try new things !
the yard has a nice walkway .
the hill is nice to walk over to some days .
the little enclosed area can be a good place to relax .
the sun was a nice addition to the day ,
as it has been rather dreary all week .
a person goes for a walk in the woods outside their house .
they walk away from their house into the woods .
they marvel in the beauty of nature .
they then walk back into their house .
stopping to admire their potted plants
well it looks like we will be losing some trees .
[male] is clearing out a place to put a gazebo .
so he is making sure that he has plenty of room .
he 's already taken down some of the smaller trees .
and he has quite a big brush pile already .
the family got together to celebrate the 4th of july .
they got the water ready for the kids to play in .
then it was time for the sun to set .
after it got dark , it was time for the fireworks display to begin .
the kids enjoyed food while watching the fireworks .
summertime fun with family and friends at the cabin !
even the adults were having some fun as well .
kids enjoying some snacks after a long day of fun .
the adults having some drinks as the sunsets on the day .
fireworks light up the sky at the lake to end an amazing day .
my family and friends went out to the lake . here the children are lined up and ready to swim !
some of us did n't feel like swimming . instead we sat by the lake and enjoyed ourselves .
it started to get dark . the sky was very pretty though .
some of our friends went out into the lake and lit off fireworks . they complimented the sky nicely .
it was a very fun night ! the children decided to relax more and look around the next day .
we had a nice picnic with the kids .
the weather was nice but not too hot .
we watched until sundown at the lake .
they had fireworks afterwards , it was really pretty !
the kids also enjoyed them and the lake , we 'll have to come back next time !
the kids were excited about the pool .
they jumped into the pool .
they dried off in a tent .
they played with the fireworks .
[male] died eating and lighting a firecracker .
many think of fireworks as a time of joy and awe .
fantastic lights that explode across the skies and fill watching eyes with wonderment .
but it 's important to remember that every flash of light is preceded by a loud noise .
a sound so ear-splitting that it can cause headaches . each burst of light comes with a price .
it does n't stop the beauty of the sight , but covering your ears can help the enjoyment .
an experimental rocket company was testing out some radical designs for their fireworks .
the first they tried was the `` dust ball '' . this rocket was designed to be more silent than their previous rockets .
the next up was `` solaris '' , this rocket was designed to mimic the sun , but does n't quite work right .
the company was excited for their newest rocket called `` supernova '' . the rocket at first looks rather ordinary .
however , after the initial explosion a second rocket emerges and bursts creating a stellar effect . the company was n't dissatisfied with this test .
the woman wanted to take pictures of the fireworks .
some came out perfect .
she zoomed in to see the spectacular lighting .
her timing was great as the fireworks exploded .
there were some photos that were n't as great though .
the first firework was purple and white .
the second firework was pink and orange .
the third firework made a loud bang .
suddenly multiple fireworks went into the sky .
the show ended with a shower of light .
celebrating the 4th of july .
and watching a firework show .
fireworks going up the sky .
happy independence day !
the last one for the night .
shown is a closeup of a monument in a memorial garden .
a couple can be seen sitting on a park bench in the distance .
people walk across the stone bridge during the day .
the stone bridge and gazebo look tranquil in the distance .
a shot of the city in the distance shown from the far end of the bridge is a lovely reminder of a special day .
we took a trip to the park outside of the city .
we walked around the pond on a beautiful day .
first we came to a squirrel eating on some nuts .
then we found a bridge going over the water .
after that we saw a duck standing in the water .
the city was very gloomy .
there was no one around .
even the squirrels seemed sad .
it was almost as if things came to a standstill .
a lone duck explored the pond .
we honored the furrys who saved us from the bears .
they will always be remembered .
this park is dedicated to their battle .
this lake is what remains of the bears .
this is the hall of the fallen ones .
it finally happened : the animals took over .
after years of suffering under the human yolk , they devoured each human one by one .
now squirrels had the run of the parks , without having to fear joggers and bikers .
there was no more noise , only the chirps of birds and the rustling of leaves .
occasionally a duck would quack , as if to remind everyone about the car horns that used to honk and annoy .
that night they had a really cool fireworks display .
they had blue and red big explosions .
the purple explosion was my favorite .
they had all kinds of shapes and colours as well .
the final set of fireworks were intense .
best fireworks i 've ever seen !
they made lots of shapes and designs .
buildings looked so cool against the colors and lights !
saw every kind of firework ever made i think !
the end was so bright ! looked like daytime almost !
the fireworks started with a bang and lit up the whole sky with bright white colors .
it then changed to green and red fireworks .
it was amazing to watch all the different colors ; pink was my favorite .
as the time went on , the fireworks continued to go on , filling the sky with smoke .
the show finally ended with final shots of white and sparkly lights , like how it had started .
a firework show is going off with different types of fireworks .
more different types of fireworks going off .
alot of different colors and sizes of fireworks during the show .
different type are combine during the show .
then some little sparkly ones at the ending .
celebrating independence day by the lake .
watching fireworks .
happy 4th of july .
an hour into the show .
the last minute .
[female] afternoon on a great vacation !
the boys ca n't stop playing with our dinner !
lazing on the beach having drinks .
and getting some post dinner exercise in !
long day of playing has me sleepy !
today we gathered for our annual crab boil party .
we had lots of crabs to prepare and eat .
[male] said he could not eat another bite .
then we all relaxed and visited for awhile .
at the end of the day everyone was worn out .
it was a hot day so the family lounged outside while drinking soda and beer .
uncle [male] was laughing at how big my dad 's beer belly has gotten .
we sat outside talking and thinking of what to do next .
we decided to go kayaking .
my aunt did n't join us and fell asleep watching us play .
what a great day for a picnic .
[male] is prepping the crabs .
the guys are having a lot of fun messing around .
lots of people are just sitting around talking .
the dog is fast asleep .
for summer vacation we went to the family beach house .
the shore was inhabited by crabs and we caught some for lunch .
dad and uncle insisted on wearing no shirts instead of putting on a bib .
after lunch we sat around in the shade to relax .
honestly , the family dog had the best time out of all of us .
she and her husband arrived at the work event , waiting to see who would win the top award .
her friend and colleague hugged her , telling her that she probably deserved to win .
her supervisor told her to stick around because something nice was going to happen .
as the award presentation began , her best friend and coworker gave her a hug and posed with her for a picture .
it turns out she was the recipient of the top award ; the company 's ceo congratulated her at the presentation .
we went to my aunt martha 's birthday celebration .
my uncle sean was there as well .
her friends jonna and [female] were there to greet us with smiles .
2 of my aunts and my uncle were very good hosts .
my 2nd cousin john had his wife there as well .
we had a going away party for [female] .
she is moving to location .
the mayor even showed up to wish her well .
she will be greatly missed .
she has done many great things in our community .
the woman listens to the man as he speaks .
her friend puts her arm around her to congratulate her .
the woman is happy to see her boss from work as well .
her sister stopped by to share in the celebration .
she is being presented with an award .
we had a special sunday service at the pastor 's house .
father [male] talked about a message he was developing for the past two months .
my mom took a picture with the pastor 's wife .
there was mr. and mrs. wilkinson as well as mrs. [female] from the shop .
and of course my brother with his asian wife , [female] .
uncle [male] leads the parade to celebrate the birth of a nation .
it 's fitting that he be followed by old fashioned vehicles of public safety .
uh-oh , the cops are involved in a chase ! nope , just more old vehicles for the crowd 's enjoyment .
they 're followed by an even older method of transport : horses .
who must be followed by the cleaning crew !
the crowd watched as the parade had passed them by .
there were many people walking in the parade .
then there was an old tracker driving down the road .
after that they had an old red fire truck in the parade .
finally , they had a lot of classic cars that passed by .
the annual location parade was today !
thousands of people came out to celebrate .
there were old cars ,
and retro firetrucks shown at the parade .
even the mayor stopped by to wave at the crowd !
families gathered along the street to watch the parade , which was led by uncle [male] .
a classic old-fashioned fire truck delighted the crowd .
convertibles and other classic cars drew enthusiasts to snap photos .
patriotic horsemen carried the american flag with honor .
the presence of horses required a clean up crew after a potty accident .
the parade had a funny man i what looked like an uncle [male] costume .
i especially loved the old red truck .
this car looks like what my aunt ethyl used to drive .
there were a few horses as well .
the crowd was disappointed when the parade was over .
carnivals are the most fun because there is plenty to do .
there are a lot of games you can play at carnivals and you can win prizes .
ferris wheels are always fun to ride too .
carnival food is the best because it tastes so delicious .
there is also carnival deserts like shaved ice . you ca n't go wrong at a carnival !
the spinning wheel was the first ride visible at the carnival .
it glowed like a flying saucer as it whisked people around and around .
near the rides , carnival barkers called out to passersby to come play their games .
the balloon game was probably the most popular .
after the excitement , many people stopped to relax and eat a delicious snack .
a fun ride at an amusement park .
the ride is so colorful and looks like fun .
the games are so full of prizes .
so many different things to choose from .
also , there is always really good food and snacks .
we went to the carnival .
i won a prize at the games .
the tilt-a-whirl was a lot of fun .
the best part about it was the carnival food .
it was a bit expensive , but the shaved ice was so good .
the carnival is in town
people are having fun walking around seeing things .
there is a long line for the ferris wheel .
when people get hungry there is lots to eat .
and shaved ice for dessert !
today we went to the local street bazaar .
outdoors they had some tasty snacks and drinks .
inside was the food court where we got a full meal to eat .
later , we browsed the exhibits and saw some baseball memorabilia .
we also saw a display of stuffed owls .
today was a wonderful day for visiting the local county fair .
we found these great cheese sculptures at our first stop .
we continued on through the convention room and found these beautiful owls .
of course a day at the fair would n't be complete without trying yummy food and drinks . [male] loved this strawberry frozen lemonade .
mom and dad got in on the food action too and enjoyed every bit of it .
going to the state fair on a day with great weather .
a man decided to get some homemade pink lemonade to quench his thirst .
a room full of people that are making conversation with friends , family , and even other festival attendees .
a decorated baseball that is on display at the fair .
3 birds also on display at the fair is the conclusion .
it was a great day at the dirge circus event .
my brother got hand made slushies from the booth .
we sat in on one of the auctions .
there was this baseball signed by a famous player but it was 100,000 dollars .
but we managed to get these bird exhibits for $ 0.01
people are exploring the board walk today .
[male] is excited to see what is going on .
first he heads to the food court to get some food .
then he heads to a baseball museum .
he ends up going to a history museum as well .
everyone was arriving in style for the latest independence day party .
even baby [male] arrived in his celebratory toy truck .
everyone was impressed with [male] 's little ride the most .
the hostess got the party started by introducing a local band .
the band played two famous patriotic songs to get the party goers in the mood .
july 4th bbq parties are always fun . last year i had the most fun .
there were plenty of friends and family last year .
we had a guest speaker who was married to a former president talk about her experiences as the first lady of this beautiful country .
there was plenty food and refreshments .
what made my day was that a family member was able to come home from his service that day .
the fourth of july block party has began .
it was so many people out here and it seem like it get bigger every year .
the lady gave a small speech before the festivities begun .
the little girl is enjoying herself .
the pageant queen took over . it was a nice event overall .
the family was preparing for the party .
the entire group of women arrived .
the women announced the celebration .
the fourth of july was a blast .
the women stopped for a photo .
when i was a teenager this was my car .
after we had my son i wanted him to have his own car , so we started him young .
a lot of people came out to see little [male] get his new car .
the mayor had the local band play for [male] .
this will be a day he never fogets .
it 's time to replace the fans in the house .
this cute fluffy dog inspects the drop cloth before his owner begins working on the light fixtures .
the man climbs a ladder to inspect the wiring for the fan installation .
the new fan is installed and ready to go .
another new light has been put up as a centerpiece in another corner of the room .
we decided to replace the ceiling fan in our bed room .
we took it down with the light fixture last .
[male] helped us because he was good at wiring .
we installed a hanging light .
we tested the hanging light to see if it would work , and it worked perfectly .
the ceiling fan was broken and it was a hot day .
even buster tried to sit in the coldest spots of the house .
thankfully my brother came to replace it .
before long we had a brand new ceiling fan .
i 'm wondering if he could replace the other broken one in my house ...
the fan is broken in the house !
even the dog is too hot .
[male] gets out his ladder .
he is able to fix the fan !
while he is at it he also fixes a light bulb .
about to replace the ceiling fan .
taking the bulbs off .
getting on the latter .
the new light .
that is how it looked like turned on .
the family attended the annual 4th of july festival .
they had free food at the festival that took place at the park .
a few mini games were made for children for prizes .
many cars were on display .
a few of the cars were put up for auction .
my best friend laughing and telling jokes .
my brother and his friend enjoying the day .
we all went to the beach and had a picnic .
my dad and his friend catching up about old times .
it was cool to finish the night off with some fireworks .
i went to the fair with my mother .
we enjoyed all of the entertainment that was provided .
there were fun games for the kids !
we especially liked looking at the classic cars .
it was a beautiful day to spend with my mom and the community .
the classic care convention began today ,
everyone sat in a field ,
with other people inside of the club .
people drove their classic cars ,
and awaited the announcement of the contest winner .
the fourth of july picnic was a lot of fun .
there were auctions .
there were games for the kids
and an old fashioned cruise in .
everyone had a lot of fun .
our family had a 4th of july celebration .
uncle john setup some small fireworks for the kids .
he had small snakes and sparklers .
he also had some cool explosives .
in the end , he shot off a few bottle rockets .
exploring the world when you 're small can be a scary experience and sometimes a little support is nice .
but when you 're ready to venture behold the hold of loved ones , you can discover so many interesting things .
standing on your own two feet is hard , but perseverance pays off .
and when something new and potentially scary occurs , just remember there are those who care right at your side .
that makes the whole thing less frightening , and can leave just the wonder .
two grandmothers brought their granddaughters over to play .
one of their dads brought over fireworks to play .
they set off fireworks in their driveway .
the children really enjoyed the fireworks .
they set off fireworks until sunset .
we decided to have a fun day outside with grandma .
little [female] wanted to play ball with her uncle [male] .
such a beautiful day out , that we decided to light off fireworks .
[female] looked completely mesmerized until the firework ended .
hopefully [female] will go down for a nap soon so the adults can have something to do .
we brought the kids over to see grandma and grandpa .
the kids wanted to play out in front of the garage .
we decided to light some firecrackers .
[female] really wanted to touch the sparks so i had to sit her still .
she eventually calmed down .
the little girl was playing with her dog .
she picked up her dog and held it .
she offered the dog some snowcone .
the dog was n't interested in it . it was more interested in the hot dog that had been dropped .
the little girl gave the dog back to her mom and ate her snowcone .
my friend and his daughter went to the fair .
she played with a dog .
she bought an snow cone .
my friend drank some beer .
they had a rodeo at the end .
[female] insisted on getting a shaved ice , but i think that was at least in part because the guy working the stand had his dog with him , and she loves dogs .
the guy was nice enough to let [female] hold him , and she loved it .
i think [female] thought the dog was going to eat her shaved ice !
i do n't know if it was for fear of having to share or because the dog lost interest that she did too .
in the end she ended up standing off to the side as she finished eating her shaved ice .
our daughters looked so cute in their little cowboy hats .
the food at the fair was amazing . [female] approved it .
[female] wanted to play with a nearby dog , so i let her .
it seemed like her and the dog shared a common bond from the past .
[female] got a little tired towards the end of the day , so we put her down for a nap .
me and my dad decided to take a fun trip to the local fair .
we visit every year and it 's a blast ! i love petting the animals and playing throughout the fair .
this pup was really cute and well behaved .
i spent lots of great time with my dead and he bought me an italian icee .
all in all the day was fantastic . the cowboys road out into the desert to end the fun day .
it was an ordinary tryout for the cheer squad .
squad captain `` high flying '' [male] was eager to show off for the new recruits .
new recruit , [male] was a bit nervous to get started .
the squad started practice with its standard lift as [male] was thrown high into the air , living up to his nickname .
another new recruit , [male] could n't believe how coordinated the cheer squad was .
the college cheer squad had plenty of male volunteers this year .
some of them looked apprehensive about joining the activity .
others simply enjoyed the presence of the pretty female squad members .
the practice lasted for over three hours , and eventually the new members got the hang of it .
the final run through of their routines looked fantastic .
first cheer practice of the day !
[male] was very photogenic that day !
[male] can never seem to find his glasses .
formation 2 being performed in front of parents .
[male] striking a pose for the camera !
the band is preforming today .
[male] is ready with all his cheers .
[male] needs to get something from his car .
and they are ready to preform .
oh no , [male] is late . run [male] !
the boys were tired of the sexist community of cheerleaders .
they were confident they could show them that boys could cheer too .
team captain cued the music
and the dance number began .
they perfected their technique and won the competition .
we are excited to head over to the show .
he is ready to have a great time watching it .
some people are wearing weird types of makeup in stands .
at least there are things to drink as we wait .
looks like the show is going to be cancelled , rain is coming .
on saturday we arrived at the stadium . we had waited all week for this adventure .
[male] was surprised to see a school friend of his .
it 's strange the things one will see in public sometimes . the kids wanted to take this picture .
the kids were really excited . they had talked about it all week .
we became fearful when the sky began to darken . we had not realized that there were weather warnings .
we took the kids to see a game today .
[male] enjoyed hanging with his buddies .
they dressed up ,
and drank and ate the stadium food .
we had a great time .
it was a nice evening to visit the stadium with the famly .
the children were excited and ready to make friends with fellow spectators .
one eager young man painted his face in celebration .
as the evening progressed , the children grew giddy with anticipation .
a darkened sky and a commotion in the field meant the festivities were about to begin .
our family went to the stadium today for an outing .
my little brother [male] was excited to go .
some teenagers were wearing face paint for their favorite ball team .
my sister [female] was hot and thirsty so we bought her a soda .
we watched the game until the day faded into evening .
my family and friends gathered at the park during the 4th of july celebration .
most of the people were there to witness the fireworks display and there were food and drinks brought along by most families .
the fireworks display started at around 9:20 in the evening and everyone was excited .
the fireworks was awesome and it displayed an array of different patterns of different colors .
it lasted around 20 minutes and everyone felt euphoric and happy on what they had just witnessed .
people started showing up for the fireworks very early .
later more people showed up and it became rather crowded .
they started shooting the fireworks when it became dark .
the green and gold fireworks were my favorites .
the finale was one for the records . it had amazing intensity .
people are gathering on the grass with blankets to watch the fireworks .
everyone is waiting for the sun to go down .
the fireworks are starting to start up .
look at all the pretty colors bursting in the air .
the fireworks are so big , bright and vibrant .
people gather in the park to prepare to watch fireworks .
everyone is talking and making new friends while they wait .
the first firework shoots off and everyone starts to stand and watch .
the fireworks are loud and colorful and has everyone 's attention .
the finale of the fireworks start and there are many being lit into the night sky , preparing to end the night off on a good note .
people starting to arrived at the park .
about to watch 4th of july fireworks .
the show is starting , firework going up the sky .
beautiful show .
the grand finale .
the kids were playing all afternoon in the living room , i regret getting the kids this green balloon .
my nephew was going to attack my son and will try to get the balloon .
the attack is launched and it seems that my son in surrendering and is losing the balloon .
after lunch , we decided to treat ourselves to a sweet watermelon .
at night we decided to light up the sky with our fireworks .
me and my son went to the fourth of july celebration
the kids played dodge ball most of the day .
we all had watermelon later on .
[male] had to do some work on his computer .
at night we launched off some fireworks .
family day this weekend was great ! we played basketball for a while .
the kids entertained themselves indoors with a ball .
we then broke out some watermelon . it was so messy we had to head outside .
most of us enjoyed ourselves , but others took to the indoors to be alone .
then we finished the day with some fireworks .
the boys playing basketball outside .
the cousins playing ball .
then they ate watermelons .
reading his emails .
and shooting fireworks at night .
my husband and i recently started a junior fight club .
the first rule is not to talk about it .
but the kids seem to enjoy it .
after fight club we always have good food and drinks .
fireworks are set off to celebrate the winner .
parade day ! a good view of the route .
smokey the bear was in the parade !
lots of local and kids groups ...
was some really cool old cars too ...
finished off the parade with emergency vehicles .
the location [male] service was at a parade were they drove this truck around that says play outside .
so i decided to do what they said . i played outside . i made some fireworks . they were beautiful .
but they burned a little hotter then i thought they would .
so then i needed a few more trucks from the parade . like the rescue squad .
the most important truck i needed was this one . the fire truck because fireworks are no joke . they burn really really hot .
the parade had gotten started .
first a forest service truck came up .
then the baseball team 's float came along .
next came the old cars . there were a lot of old cars .
finally the fire department came along with their trucks .
everyone was getting ready for the huge firework show later on tonight .
the firework show was wonderful . many fireworks went off at the same time making it a beautiful sight .
one of my favorite fireworks were the red exploding one . the lit up the sky very much .
unfortunately , there were a few people who injured or drank to much last night .
fire trucks were called out as well . checking and making sure no fires had started from the show last night .
it was the day of the parade !
there were going to be fireworks going on .
they started and it looked great .
someone got hurt by a firework gone wrong .
the fire department showed up too .
one day at a party [female] and [male] made a announcemnet
`` we are going to kayak our way to location from right here in location '' they stated .
`` i 'll believe that when i see it ! '' shouted their skeptical neighbor .
`` oh yeah ? well check this out . '' said [male] and [female] as they boarded a kayak .
they drifted out to sea never to be heard from again .
at the dockside restaurant , a man and his family enjoyed the view of the water as they waited for their food .
his niece snapped a photo in the direction of a yacht while her brother snapped a photo of her from his phone .
looking back over the water , the man noticed a small canoe headed in their direction , piloted by two people .
his wife said that canoeing looked like an awful lot of fun .
the canoeers smiled as they passed , and the man wistfully agreed with his wife .
we all had a great time at our get-together down at the waterfront .
[female] did n't seem too excited about going out in the canoe with [male] .
[female] offered her seat to [female] , but [female] just laughed .
even though she resisted at first , we could tell that as soon as she got comfortable with the fact that they were n't going to tip , [female] actually really enjoyed herself .
in fact , they got so far out , we wondered if they were going out to sea !
the family sat around at the bbq .
[female] took lots of pictures .
some of the family went out in the kayak .
while others sat around and talked .
the kayakers finally returned !
the family went to the lake for a picnic and vacation .
we sat outside the hotel and enjoyed the nice view .
while we were outside we had lunch on the tables .
after lunch , some of us went kayaking in the water .
we had a lot of fun and even passed by some larger ships along the way .
i brought my daughter with me to the school festival .
she joined up with her class mate for the events .
they did the sack race together .
they and the other kids had fun during the sack race .
they did n't win the sack race in the end though .
it is flag day at school today . [male] and [female] get to play games and have fun .
[female] is 7 and in 2nd grade .
[male] is 6 and in first grade .
the kids played outside all day at games and races .
they had a great time playing in the sunshine at flag day in school .
kids out having fun and smiling .
another kid smiling and having fun .
they are getting ready to have a bean bag competition .
they race begins and they all try to win 1st place but only 1 can .
they trip and fall and laugh while they get up .
[female] looked so amazing contrasted to the sun .
[male] was having just as much fun as [female] !
they even competed together in a potato sack race !
they were so close to winning , but another group was able to win the race .
they had so much fun , i ca n't wait for the re-match !
[female] was excited to be in the potato sac race this year .
[male] was sure he would win .
there was a slight disagreement over which bag belonged to who .
but then they were off .
everyone had a lot of fun !
the fireworks this 4 of july where the best ever
i do n't know what he name of this one is but i love how they go on every direction
in this shot i just missed the firework that went off before the big red one
this one was cool it looked like a giant spider
towards the end they just let every thing go into the sky what a night
the fireworks show was truly spectacular this year , starting off with a huge bang and burst of blue against the blackness of night .
i love these types of fireworks and call them 'zingers ' because they make a high pitched 'zing ' sound as they swirl around coming down .
sometimes i think of how much they resemble the universe , with all the little bright spots stars and the bigger ones planets and suns .
this one was my absolute favorite - purple . usually you do n't see that color very often .
it was well worth waiting for the finale . the sky was totally lit up with beautiful colors and the explosions sounded like canon fire .
[male] went to see the fireworks .
he decided to take pictures .
some of the fireworks were only one color .
others , however , had multiple colors .
the finale included several explosions at once .
this was a different take on the rorschach test .
they were using firework pictures to get a reaction .
this one to me looks like a human brain .
this looks like a flower and
this looks like my rice krispies in the morning . am i normal doc ?
the fireworks lit up the sky .
suddenly , smaller fireworks started sparkling in the sky .
a loud red bang appeared .
the next firework looked like the sun .
the show ended with red , pink , white , yellow , and green fireworks .
the flashy bat mobile sat in contrast to the row of port-a-potties behind it .
a young girl holds a pretty blue balloon , unimpressed by batman 's ride .
she 's more fond of riding the ponies on the carousel .
this space shuttle 's safe for people of all ages , though it 's not going to fly very far .
the fireworks lit up the sky like the back blast from a rocket , cooler even than superheros ' rides .
we decided to spend this 4th of july at the location location .
my favorite ride is , without a doubt , the sizzler .
my little sister , however , enjoys the merry go round .
after the rides , we bought her some balloons .
later that evening , we enjoyed a wonderful fireworks display .
entering the fair , the first thing we noticed was the large ferris wheel near the entrance .
i was dared to ride this but did not . it was very fast and scary .
we stayed to the more kid friendly rides . [female] had a great time
[female] receives a blue balloon dog from a balloon artist . she was so happy
later that night , the firework show began . it was very pretty and a great end to our day .
the rides at the local fair were so amazing !
organization was the name of a really large coaster that they brought in .
[female] was having so much fun with her uncle on the carousel .
[female] even got a balloon animal , in her favorite color !
at the end of the night , there were fireworks to light up the sky !
we drove in with the bat mobile .
she eat nachos and was sick .
she puked all over the carnival .
she then had to go to the moon .
the rocket blew up on the way .
the first wirework exploded .
it was followed with golden explosion .
that explosion got bigger .
then two fireworks exploded together .
then multiple fireworks exploded all at once .
after dark , it was time to light the fireworks .
they started with white fireworks in the sky .
then they had large red fireworks .
after that there was red , white , and blue fireworks in the sky .
they ended the show with a big bang .
the fireworks were beautiful .
sal wanted to remember the show .
he used his new camera to rake pictures .
the quality of the photos was great .
sal was extremely happy with his camera !
went to see the fireworks .
they were just as i expected ,
loud and fiery .
i did not regret coming every year ,
even if it never changes .
celebrating independence day .
4th of july show at the park .
celebrating with family and friends .
two fireworks going up the sky .
grand finale last firework .
a husband and wife spent their first night of vacation sleeping on a beach
the next morning they decided to swing from trees to prepare to go zip lining
later in the day they decides to walk on the beach where they spent the night
they continued to walk up the beach and take pictures
they finally returned back to the spot they slept at and decided to do some surfboarding to end the day
the family started off their day at the beach with a little rest .
the young man ran in to test the water to tell the rest of them the temperature .
the brother and sister head to the waves for some surfing .
sister takes a picture leaving the beach to remember her awesome day .
the sunset was the perfect way to finish off the day at the beach !
a group of friends gathered on the beach to surf .
one of them went to go test the water .
the water felt good , so we got our boards and went out to ride the waves .
after an exhausting surf we went walking around to take pictures .
then finally we sat and watched the sunset , ending this perfect day .
everyone laid in the sand on the beach next to their friends and surfboards .
the boy went into the ocean by himself .
the boy and girl posed next to each other in front of the ocean while holding their surfboards under their arms .
the girl posed on a deck in front of the oceanfront .
after an exciting day , everyone watched the sunset at the pier while the sailboats went by .
vacation with my buddy . anything goes .
found a rope swing in the forest .
look at this view . how can you not love it ?
the view from my hotel .
going surfing for the first time .
we got together for an end of quarter party .
there was a ton of food there !
we all loved the meal and had a great time .
some of us might have gotten a little intoxicated !
but it was a wonderful time and we 'll always remember it .
organization organization organization for my sweetie .
she is the love of my life .
happy birthday sweetheart .
good food , good friends and family and great fun .
the best birthday ever ! ! !
we all had a great time at this party .
the food that we grilled was amazing , they did a good job making it .
she had a good time , and really enjoyed the food .
the drinks made everyone a little more happier .
she was a little drunk , but she did have a great time and enjoyed it .
tonight my friends took me out to celebrate my birthday .
we started the night at an open air barbecue restaurant .
the food was great and everyone was having a good time .
no birthday is complete without lots of drinks .
some of us may have had just a few too many .
friends get together for the ultimate party .
they start to bbq with delicious food on the grill .
[female] is enjoying the party and a nice hamburger .
after eating the party really starts to get wild .
[female] has lost her mind from all the alcohol she has consumed .
we arrived at the party , excited to let loose .
we went inside and started mingling with friends .
we continued talking , and partying until someone suggested we play chess and get more rounds of beer .
so we played chess and drank .
as it got later , everyone was winding down . we all went home .
lets celebrate because it is friday and work is over
it is time to catch up on the latest gossip .
there 's jim he has a hard time keeping his tongue in his mouth .
then there is bob who cant keep his hands out of his mouth .
the office couple who just like to play it cool nd keep to themselves . let 's party .
we arrived at the bar ready for a night of drinking and fun !
the wait outside was really cold , and there were a lot of people .
we made the best of waiting , and laughed and joked until we got in .
the guys played a game of drunk chess .
lots of friendships were made , and in the midst of drinking we still managed to have some deeps convos .
lucky 's was crowded the night we went out . we wondered if we 'd all get a table .
it was cold outside , we had to wait a while , but we all got in .
i could n't believe i ran into my old college roommate and his wife . time really has gone by quickly . we had a great time catching up .
we played some chess and they also had a pool table at the bar . it 's a cool way to pass some time .
good conversation with strangers at the pub is always a fun time . we had a few beers and called it a night !
the friends went out for a night at the bar .
there was a really long wait to get in .
after a good 45 minutes they were finally able to go inside .
they ordered drinks , grabbed a game and sat down .
they spent the entire night talking to friends and having fun .
one beautiful morning a businessman left his condo for work .
unfortunately his car stopped working and he had to weigh his options .
he decided to make his way over to the local bus station .
while on the bus he realized how lucky he was to have a job and relaxed .
the businessman returned home after a long day .
it was a beautiful day in the city .
so some friends decided to clear some space in the car and go rummaging for scrap metal .
they had heard of a dumpster where there was supposedly a big score .
but when they arrived it had been picked clean .
and when they encountered car troubles , things went from bad to worse .
we went to the city today and found many neat things on a sunny day !
[male] was waiting for us with his car . he had been waiting a while .
we saw a dumpster outside and thought it looked interesting
so of course we had to take a look inside and see if there was any treasure .
there was n't any treasure and we ended up upsetting a homeless man .
it was beginning to get cloudy ot .
he knew that he needed to get his job completed before the rain came in .
as he looked over he noticed something odd in the dumpster .
then he saw a man get in the dumpster .
he then remembered that he needed to get his tire changed on his vehicle .
today was my first day in the big city . there were so many sights to see .
there were people selling watches out of their cars .
and so many options for how to get around town .
the bus was my favorite .
it sled me to take in the sights without the frustration of driving in heavy traffic .
it 's location birthday and everyone seems happy .
we 're having organization organization organization cake to fight this summer heat .
they played a few rounds of horse and had a blast .
they took turns swinging on the swing set to see how high they could get .
finally a group photo of this very special event .
it was [female] 's birthday today and
all her friends from her soccer team showed up and
so did her best friend [female] .
the girls had a fun game of basketball
and volleyball before going home .
all the kids were having a summer picnic party .
they put out balloons and festive drinks .
they also played some basketball in the driveway court .
they took a break to swing on the swingsets .
at the end of the day , they all huddled together for a group picture .
the end of the school year gave us an excuse to have a party .
we had a table fixed up plenty of snacks and picnic items available .
we played a short game of basketball to burn off a little energy .
the swingset out back gave us the opportunity to relax .
we are ready for summer and anxious to start having fun every day all day !
everyone gathered up for lunch .
we took a group photo for everyone to keep as a souvenir .
some of us put flowers in our hair each time they would win a game .
tags was the most popular game since everyone could play at the same time .
by the end of the day , we also played some volley-ball .
our pilot and ride for the trip up to go skydiving .
the beautiful views got us over the initial fear of flying .
snow capped mountain peaks . maybe next vacation we will go climbing .
almost ready to jump out .
luckily everyone made it safely back down .
the family together for a helicopter ride .
heading up on the helicopter .
they are way up in the air having fun in the helicopter .
heading back down after a fun ride .
finally on the ground safe and sound .
we decided to do something adventurous on our first day out .
so , we took a helicopter ride to see the local sights .
jeez , suzie scared the heck out of us dangling her legs out the copter !
we saw some sheep grazing in the meadow and said we 'd go for a little hike later .
safe landing ! and a great way to start our holiday ! ca n't wait to see what else we decide to do .
the helicopter took us to a remote area to be alone .
we saw vast mountains and beautiful landscapes .
the mountains were tall and covered in snow !
we saw a few areas that looked absolutely astounding .
but we decided to go back because we did n't have internet here .
a skydiving journey told backwards . here we are safe and sound on the ground .
just before landing .
gosh , i hope my shoes do n't fall off ! our chute just opened . the view is phenomenal .
spiraling upwards . we 're going to jump out of a perfectly good helicopter .
this is where it all began . instructions just before take off .
[female] and [male] having a few drinks at the party .
[male] just got done working on cars and is looking for some trouble .
[male] is crusing for some sexy ladies that night .
[male] hugs billy to show that they are best buddies
[male] and his pal ryan talking about the ladies at the party .
having a blast at our reunion . this is some of my old friends from organization organization . they surely have n't changed . this is [female] and [male] .
this is [male] always alone being a loner and he 's always liked that .
this is [male] and [male] they were best friends and still are .
oh , i have n't seen [male] in years , nice to see him .
[male] and [male] again giving me a toast . i love you guys .
when [male] and [female] went out drinking , they enjoyed sharing private jokes and usually spent a lot of time giggling .
[male] 's brother , [male] , who suffered from a persecution complex , often believed they were laughing at or about him .
[male] 's cousin , [male] , did n't like [female] and wasted no time corroborating [male] 's feelings and reinforcing his suspicions .
but [male] 's best friend [male] tried to persuade [male] that he was just being paranoid , and reminded him that he genuinely had been diagnosed with a persecution complex .
dr. feldspar , [male] 's psychiatrist , tried to explain the same to [male] , but [male] simply did n't believe it , writing it all off as smart-ass college claptrap . instead , he kept a suspicious by bond [female] at all times .
we were having a great time at my birthday bash at the local bar .
i was in a great mood as i caught up with my friends .
i talked with my friend [male] about his new job over a beer .
i also caught up with my buddy [male] but he was getting a bit too tipsy .
i 'm really lucky to have such great friends on my birthday .
[female] and [male] had an amazing first date .
until a bearded man came by and stole [male] away .
even some passers-by knew that the bearded man was a far nicer catch .
other men came in to try and steal the bearded man away .
one of them did not succeed , but instead settled for a man with no hair at all .
to celebrate their third wedding anniversary , emmy and [male] travel to the city where they met .
they stay at a hotel with a beautiful park view .
emmy and [male] take a romantic stroll through the park .
after about 10 minutes , they find themselves at the exact spot where [male] proposed to emme .
this city , full of so many good memories , will always hold a special place in their hearts .
my man moves his eyeballs to be funny for the camera .
here we are enjoying our nice trip above the water .
here is the lovely water view of the city with nature surrounding us .
the gorgeous flowers smelled and looked great .
we were happy to see this glorious concrete structure .
were on the ferry , ready to see the sites of the city .
the amazing buildings on a buetiful backdrop
peaceful gardens right in the middle of the city . awesome .
and a amazing fountain in the middle of the square .
and the day has set on our trip . what an amazing sight .
this couple is vacationing together .
they take a boat to see the city .
they find beautiful nature as well .
they also explore on foot .
after a long day they take photos of the bridge .
my boyfriend and i decided to visit the big city and the weather cooperated .
the trees and city buildings next to the water was gorgeous to look at .
the view next to the bridge is one of the most breathtaking things i have ever seen .
we stopped by a fountain area and met some new people .
before leaving we got a view of the bridge which was absolutely stunning .
the fourth of july celebration was underway , and the whole town was prepared for it as they hung the location flag from the location location .
all the townspeople were excited for the celebration , and some even dressed up in clothing with the american flag .
a concert was held in the town park , with the townspeople jamming along to songs of american independence .
the best part of the whole day was the fireworks show , as it symbolized the gunfire and sounds that made independence day a reality .
the finale was beautiful , with a bright red star above the flying sparklers , a perfect ending to a perfect day .
americans came together to celebrate their patriotism for the holiday .
the people celebrating the holiday enjoying a concert at the park .
the crowd relaxing and celebrating the american spirit at a concert .
beautiful fireworks display celebrating the 4th of july .
beautiful fireworks light up the sky as location celebrates the 4th of july .
it was the fourth of july and they hung the american flag down the building
people even dressed as the flag
they put on a concert before the fireworks
the fireworks went off and they were amazing
this was the grand finally to end the night
i was felt proud when they hung this flag on my building . i said to my son [male] see this is what location is about . pride !
so many people asked my [male] where did you get that shirt . when he said my [female] made it for me they gasp , no sir .
the music was pumping and we were dancing . it is so much fun here .
the smell of smoke and the loud bang . the colors lit up the sky . i reached in the cooler and said kids who wants more pop ?
an ice cream truck bell was chiming in the back ground . the sky was ablaze with spectacular lights and sounds . afterwards the kids said mommy i want ice cream . what a night !
the american rally went well in location .
many people came by to show their american support .
their were songs played about eagles and tow trucks all day long .
the fireworks at night were simply beautiful .
the finale depicted a firework american flag . all while amazing grace was sang by [male] downs
[female] was excited to celebrate her birthday .
[female] 's friends brought her a special cookie cake to kick off the festivities .
then the group of friends went out to dinner to celebrate .
[female] 's best friend , organization , gave a special toast .
at the end of the evening , [female] 's friends dared her to sing karaoke , and she nervously agreed !
the night started well with a giant birthday cookie
all the girls decided to go out and celebrate
things got a little crazy when the camera phone came out
[female] was having it none of it . she just wanted to go home
at the end of the night the only 2 left were joan and mary
it was a birthday celebration !
all of the friends got together for drinks .
the birthday girl showed off the lovely beaded neckline of a new shirt she received as a gift .
this is the birthday girl 's best friend , happy to be celebrating !
everyone had such a great time hanging out on the red couch .
today is [female] 's favorite day , friday .
on fridays , [female] eats a whole cookie pizza , alone , in her apartment . when she orders from the bakery , she asks for `` happy birthday '' to be written on the front to hide her shame .
[female] wishes she could get wasted on location location ice teas with the other cougas at organization organization .
one time she wrapped her arms around one of the cougars in the bathroom and refused to let go .
alone again , [female] ? head home for the rest of that cookie pizza .
everyone came over to celebrate organization 's birthday .
someone brought a huge cake !
later , we all went to dinner at a nice restaurant .
her best friend showed up !
at the end , we played charades .
french citizens take to the streets to protest the recent change in austerity policies .
encouraging support for the cause , a man hands out flyers and describes the situation to people passing by .
nearby , a woman shouts a rally cry to bring the group 's voice together .
this draws the children from the peace of their cartoons , as they look at the protests and try to make sense of it .
though sometimes a force of confusion , police assemble on the scene to act as peacekeepers for the neighborhood .
the people filled the roads in anger .
they spoke loudly as they wanted their voices heard .
people looked on in amazement .
they formed a line to hold back the protestors .
they kept a close eye on the protestors .
people gathered in the streets , coming together for a common cause .
promoters took advantage of the situation to hand out flyers advertising their products and services .
angry foreigners shouted and held up signs , demanding change .
many residents watched from their dwellings , scared to come outside but eager to see what would unfold .
police were on standby in case a riot broke out .
during my summer year of college i went on a trip through location and location .
i was surprised and frightened by how different the politics and culture was from what i was familiar with at home .
as protesters marched in the streets , small children watched innocently as if it was normal .
but , for an american like me , the military presence was frightening .
remembering the scenes of protests and military i saw that summer made me appreciate my freedom and home .
it 's the day of the big protest .
local businesses handed out fliers on the cause .
the leader of the protesters brought a bull horn to rally people .
neighborhood children watched the events from their windows .
the city police stood ready for any violence .
some guys are getting ready for a big game .
they get out on the court and start playing .
outside there is bunch people who could n't get in the game .
so the star players go outside to take pictures with fans .
they then go in here and greet more fans .
here we are , after our run with the bulls .
it 's great big party after we all survive .
woooot ! great party !
holy crap ! the bulls !
and even more bulls !
the gang had finally come to fruition , these were the founding members .
the gang rallied in order to get more money for pizza for the city .
the gang members all participated in fun activities !
however some gang members took the games too seriously and things got out of hand .
the police had n't stepped in yet after 4 days . the gang is presumed disbanded .
the boys were excited for the big day out in location .
they had decided to go out and experience the bull running .
they were pumped and the crowd was huge .
it was a very exhilarating and intense experience .
the atmosphere was electric and there was lots of energy in the crowd .
we were all gathering to play some college sports .
inside the arena alot of the people were farting hard from the chilly and mash potatoes being served at the tailgate party outside .
outside people were pooping their pants all over the place . the crowed was just to big and the nearest restrooms were all private .
we were real bro 's , real broski 's , real bro 's . this guy , i mean this guy , pooped his pants . he was really happy about it .
most of us in the large tent had to poo . some of us went and it was delicious . delicate golden poo .
he had finally achieved his goal !
does n't he look so cute up there !
the dog and young ones were so excited !
there was much to celebrate this day !
things got livelier as the night went on .
he had been waiting for so long in order to finally being able to wear the full robe !
we did n't expect so much people showing for the ceremony so most students were very intimated at first .
in my opinion , the real ceremony started when we got back home .
a good fresh beer really brought us together after a very long day .
the house got really busy when everyone finally showed up .
[male] is ready for his graduation from college
his family takes a photo as he heads to the stage to grab his degree
after the graduation ceremony he heads back to his house for a graduation gathering
his friends and family attend the gathering and take photos
towards the end of the nights the friends play pool
the young man 's day of graduating college was finally here .
he marched to the stage to receive the diploma he worked so hard to earn .
after graduation , his friends gather to celebrate the accomplishment .
they all took a picture to remember the historic day .
the celebration went on well into the night but was something they would never forget .
picture of the proud graduate .
picture of graduate about to receive his diploma .
picture of little nephew with family dog .
graduation cake .
picture of graduate with his uncles .
the family took a trip to location .
the man took a break to sit on a park bench .
he posed near a japanese maple tree .
they rented a tiny sports car .
at the end of the day , they went out to a nice restaurant .
the young man took an exciting trip .
he saw some natural phenomenon .
and some authentic asian culture .
but the best part was seeing loved ones he 'd missed .
it was tough to leave .
we started the day off on a nature trail .
the elephants tusks were so long !
this was the yoga room we used for afternoon relaxation .
my mother and grandmother wanted a good picture .
the sun was out and the horizon was blue !
its like a dear taking a batch in the mud
relaxing while waiting for my honey
honey where are you ? i am seeing something
hi mom and dad , thanks for the ride .
honey make sure you can still drive and be careful with my two aunts
we went on a trip to the location location tar pits .
there was some amazing scenery and time for reflection .
and this weird dude who followed us around peeking through the bushes .
just kidding.it was my brother but he is weird .
we ended the day with a nice meal among friends .
when we got there we discovered a swing set .
we decided to dig a bit , and look for coins .
the water was really cool and inviting .
it was a sunny day , so we decided to go to the beach .
and of course i had to take a selfie .
the lake is the best place to swing by .
my favorite part about the lake though has to be the softness of the sand .
sorry , had to take a selfie !
[male] refuses to take any serious pictures with me ever .
the highlight of the day was the ostrich that we randomly found up the coast .
the beach was sunny and cool .
the sand piles often made objects on their own .
the waves came in gently with breeze .
the skyline showed clouds and blue hues .
a photo was taken for memories .
on the first day of my beach trip , i went swinging outside of our cottage .
there were plenty of dunes and castles from the kids playing .
i loved to watch the waves come in .
as the tide rolled out , the beach shone with sunlight .
i had a great time at the beach !
we took some time to go and visit our old beach house , and i had totally forgotten the swing near the water .
some sand castles we were working on that was ruined by the waves .
me taking a selfie on the beach . i dont usually do this kind of think but i was in the moment .
some drift wood we stacked up . they where lighter than they looked , so it made the stacking really easy .
just outside of the tide there was this ostrich just chilling .
it was very exciting to arrive in such a fabulous spot during our vacation . the view of bay and the ships was fantastic !
after our trip we were very hungry so we stopped to look at the menu of a local cafe .
we decided to go in and eat . here i am enjoying a cup of coffee . the meal was delicious !
there was a stray dog hanging around that i felt sorry for so i threw him some of my leftovers .
later that night we enjoyed the night life and spent some time wandering around town . here we are enjoying a beautiful fountain !
we stopped in for a few cups of tea..
and were blown away by the sights of the area !
a bite to eat usually helps ,
but boating on a full stomach was never a good idea .
we ended the day by the fountain , glad for all we had done .
my friends and i finally took a trip to a beautiful city on the coast of location .
we ate in a cute cafe and tried to remember the french we had learned in high school to order .
my friend [female] ordered a delicious cappuccino . better than organization !
one evening , while we were headed out , we saw a wild wolf in the park eating trash . spooky !
we had a great trip , going on excursions during the day , and enjoying the beautiful nightlife . i ca n't wait to go again !
when i woke up this morning i knew that it was going to be a full day and that i had better get some coffee .
there were many things to see and do .
we stopped for lunch at a sandwich shop .
after lunch we stopped at the pier to look at all the big boats .
we ended the evening with some laughter and pictures around the fountain .
we went to the city to find a good place to eat
we looked at the menus and found the perfect spot !
[female] really enjoyed her coffee from the restaurant we went to .
afterwards we went sightseeing and saw a few neat things !
the day ended perfectly with a spot by the fountain
mom and baby are going swimming today .
mom needs to help baby out since he can not swim on his own .
he reaches for his little star toy in wonder .
[male] loves his toy and smiles when he finally has it .
[male] tries to swim with help from mom but does n't look to interested .
i 've heard about baby swimmers but that was the first time i saw one myself .
in many ways , the mom sometimes looked more anxious than the baby .
it was so amazing to see the small baby float and have so much fun .
the baby was very aware of the fact that he was the center of all the attention .
in the end , he was so serious about swimming that he really did great job that day .
everyone believes that babies love water .
well , i do n't and if she does n't get me out of here i am going to grab that pony tail of hers .
wait , is that a star ?
you know how much i love stars . especially the lemon ones .
ok , i will stay in here in the pool with you for a little while longer . that star tasted so good .
[male] first swim class .
[male] is learning how to swim .
[male] reaching for the star toy .
playing and enjoying the water with mom .
enjoying the water .
i decided to take the baby to the pool and he was at first a little scared .
after a little while he warmed up to the process and began to want to swim away .
we then brought the toys into the water and he could hardly resist playing with them .
we held the star together and felt the fun times together .
i let him experience the fun a little bit more , but still held on tight .
our soccer team got to see a professional game and play on the field at half-time . this is the stadium .
these were our seats at the stadium . not bad !
good buddies ready to watch a game .
we gathered at half-time to play .
playing in the half-time game .
for sam 's birthday , he invited friends to come watch a soccer match with him .
everyone wore jerseys of their favorite team .
the kids were excited for the game to start .
they had never been to a staduim this large before
their team play a great game and won !
the children arrived to play and watch their friends .
team members sat in their seats cheering .
there was time for silly photos .
everybody had great sportsmanship .
it was a great event for both teams .
our kids played soccer and got to play a game at a professional stadium .
my kid with his team before the match .
him again with his best friends .
here they are on the field warming up .
about half-way through the game and both teams are playing hard .
we took a special trip today to watch some soccer .
i got to sit with one of my very special frineds .
there were many of us there from my team to watch and learn from others .
we did get to sit in some very good seats so we got to see a lot of action up close .
we got invited onto the field to play a little before we left to go home .
everyone got on board to go to the museum .
the bus was loud as everyone was excited for the field trip .
first , a woman talked about the history of the museum , and the children heard some music .
outside , the museum set up a pinata for the kids to hit .
at the end of the day , they all took a picture to remember the day .
it was my first time performing at a talent show at such a big venue that i needed to take a bus .
i was really glad that my friend [male] could come and support me .
i was nervous to see so many other kids there to see me preform .
but once i got on stage i felt at ease .
at the end of show we all took a group photo to commemorate .
this is a class getting on board a yellow bus to go on a field trip !
they chat while on board the bus .
they listen quietly for the instructors directions .
this is a performer that the class enjoyed watching .
and to recap the field trip the class took a group picture .
it was time for the annual class field trip .
all of the students got on the bus excitedly .
when they got to their destination , they crowded in and sat down ,
and then they watched the awesome performance .
at the end , they just had to take a class photo to document another successful field trip .
the group of performers loaded up on the bus .
they all were talking very excitedly .
when they arrived they got on stage and warmed up .
they did their performance very well .
afterwords they all spent time together as a group .
we decided to go to a show together .
we ran into one of our friends there .
when we went inside , we found out our seats were terrible .
we moved a bit closer , but still could n't see .
eventually we got all the way to the front and could finally see the show !
getting ready to go into the show building
the show has started .
getting a little drink during the show intermisson
things are starting to get wild
the girlfriend happened to run into an old friend
the music event was fun for all .
photos with many friends were taken .
the band played well .
the lights were as good as the music .
getting close to the stage was fun .
they were happy to finally get to the concert .
we saw some familiar friends there as well .
we had ok seats , but were just glad to be there .
the awesome lighting did help us see better .
in the end we did get a little closer to see some of the acts .
[female] and [male] were at their favorite bands concert .
[female] posing for a picture with her friend heather at the concert .
the concert starts to begin .
the band is on stage and playing the music [female] loves .
getting on stage a few ladies show off their moves .
here is our little one joining us for the adventure !
here is daddy exploring the natural area .
here are my two men in front of a big rock !
here is the whole family at the beach !
our little one is all by himself at the beach !
they always dreamed of having a child .
they always wanted to have a family .
everyone is happy to take a family day at the beach .
mother loves her son very much !
the baby is a dream come true !
today would be the baby 's first trip to the beach .
daddy took the baby to the beach and showed him how the sand and ocean looked .
here the duo are taking a picture snapped by the mother .
this time they all got in on the picture and had a blast !
the baby had a lot of fun on his first beach trip !
on the ride to the beach he was not amused .
arrived an the beach and exploring .
we had to carry him everywhere and it got very tiring
family picture before heading back
we got the stroller out now and pavement and it was a lot easier .
our little baby was excited for his first trip to the beach .
we got to see a giant wall next to the ocean .
my husband held the baby tightly as he admired the ocean .
we all loved the beach and enjoyed the great weather .
he sat in his stroller trying to get out to run around .
organization organization organization ; location location .
aye aye matey .
playing some pool
being goofy with the colored lips
chowtime . snacking on some fries .
it 's a birthday cake for [male] .
[male] is see wearing a silly hat at his birthday party .
johns ' fried [male] posing for a picture at the party .
they decided to play some pool while at the party .
after pool it was time for some french fries .
it is a birthday party and this is the birthday boys cake .
arr ! a pirate i be tonight matey .
he ponders his future as the past thirty five years seemed to have gone by quickly .
red ball corner pocket . everyone is enjoying playing pool and the party .
the best fries this side of the location location , with a little ketchup to boot .
the birthday boy wanted an all pirate themed party , including the cake !
captain [male] arrived late and forgot to bring a gift .
we played some pool to win pirate booty .
everyone had a great time and took selfies .
to top the party off we ate a plate of french fries .
this is the cake at a pirate themed birthday party ! a party with quite a few guests .
here 's one of them enjoying the party with his pirate hat .
this is another guest at the party . he seems to be thinking pretty intently .
some other guests enjoy a nice relaxing game of pool at the party .
building up an appetite from all the partying , someone quenches their hunger with some french fires .
a group of friends are all gathering together for a party .
this kid is trying a mystery drink .
a group friend is joking around pretending to be pregnant
everyone hold up their drinks and cheers .
at the end of the night everyone , including the dog , gathered for another group picture .
it 's the kids first time at the park .
[female] brought a picnic for lunch in her recyclable bag .
[female] decided to go for a quick run .
[male] was more interested in playing basketball .
meanwhile , [male] kept it simple and played with his toy cars .
this is our family reunion . part of it that is . the kids hung out inside and the adults were outside .
[male] and his brother [male] and [female] the older sister . they were watching the organization game on tv .
it 's just apple juice but the kids like to pretend they are drinking .
uncle [male] telling the kids to come outside and play . he shot this photo .
this is before we all went home . the kids hung out inside all day . we had a good reunion !
everyone was excited to get together for the big game .
for some , this was their first big sports watching experience
for others , this was an annual experience .
young and old , everyone enjoyed each other 's company for the day .
the entire group had a great time that day .
to celebrate some good times we all got together and played some games .
the kids had a great time with each other and had some drinks .
my good friend enjoyed some beverages at the party as well .
everyone enjoyed their drinks and good times so much .
we all decided to do our favorite pose for a good time .
the smith family was going to have party at there farm one night .
they invited all their friends over for a cookout .
[male] and david posed for a picture before the roast .
the smith family enjoyed the cookout with friends .
the night concluded with telling camp stories .
we had a backyard christmas party for our neighbors .
location drove the tractor ! ( jk )
our next-door neighbors enjoying the firepit .
[female] must have been telling a great story !
good friendships start a get-togethers like these .
today we gathered for a family get together .
the tractor was out
and our relatives were sitting by a fire .
we got some food and drinks
and ate with the kids .
we made it to the farm party this year .
we got to sit by a campfire and warm up .
we met some very nice people there .
everyone had a great time and enjoyed each others company .
we stayed late into the night and talked about many different things .
my family and friends had decided to throw a small get together .
it was at one of my relative 's houses in the country .
it was a cool night and everyone enjoyed the firepit .
we all enjoyed eating and visiting one another .
the kids there played and were well behaved ; everyone had fun .
[male] was giving a tour of the farm to the people .
[male] takes in a warm taste of wine with a smooth but clean bite
[female] is sampling the win and loving every moment .
here the group is ready to taste some win and eat some pie .
[male] 's brother david petting a cow at the farm .
the tour is ready to begin .
the tour goes inside to show how everything works .
[male] enjoys a nice refreshing glass of wine .
the people are at a table sampling the fine wine .
the tour arrives at the cows as everyone gets a look at one .
[male] and i went on a tour of the local winery this weekend . this guy is [male] and he led our tour .
i did n't understand most of what actually happens in creating wine , but [male] was very informative .
[male] sniffing wine before tasting . he said it was delicious !
the members of our tasting tour -- all of us are a little tipsy in this photo !
before we left , [male] insisted on petting a cow . good thing i was driving home !
today , we went to a vineyard .
here is [male] pretending to be a wine savant .
[female] just drank it all .
we got to have a sort of wine buffet .
[male] 's favorite part was meeting [female] , though .
we all visited a winery and took a tour .
they took us inside and let us see where the wine was produced and bottled .
it was amazing to taste wine while standing on the land where the grapes were grown .
we all sat down together for a meal .
we even got to see the livestock they kept on the land .
it was a busy morning but i was able to get something ready for when i got back from my martial arts class .
i made myself a quick cup of joe before running out the door .
i threw the laundry in the was and started it , should be done before i get home .
after i set everything up , i put my uniform on and felt ready to punch stuff !
here i am , ready to round-house kick just like [male] [male] by the end of this class .
i really enjoy taw kwon do .
here i am in my fighting position , right before training began .
in order to stay in shape , i am sure to eat plenty of healthy food .
coffee and reading also helps me maintain my mental stability .
here are some great words to live by . i always find strength in them when struggling .
it 's early in the morning tonight 's dinner must get started and prepared .
coffee and a book is a nice relaxing way to spend the morning .
got to wash the clothes , so there is something to wear later .
she is practicing tae kwon do in a sparkling clean outfit .
now she 's just showing off her newly learned kicks .
i took karate class , this is my first day . i will kick your butt soon . i 'll start with this kick .
wan na wrastle !
first i eat . karate makes you hungry .
i need coffee too .
they gave me these words to describe how i feel . i 'm feeling pretty enormous right now .
[male] was a fun kid .
he loved his tae kwon doe .
but tae kwon do made him hungry , so he went home to some good cooking .
then [male] like to read his books and sip his tea by the fire .
after reading his books , [male] felt creative and needed to rearrange the word magnets on the fridge to make a story : the story of [male] and how he loves tae kwon do , food , reading , and just being himself .
today , me and my son were going to the baseball game .
i bought him a foam finger to remember his first baseball game .
we bought drinks
and hot dogs to make the real baseball experience .
we 'll never forget when our team hit a home run .
[male] is excited to go the the giants game .
finally with tickets in hand brad is heading to the stadium .
at the stadium he buys a big foam finger to show his support for the giants .
he takes a break to get some refreshments .
[male] finally watching the game while eating a hot dog .
i got tickets to the giants game tonight .
i bought a foam finger at the game .
it was really hot so i had to have some beverages .
could n't leave the park with out a famous hotdog .
that home run was icing on the cake and made this the perfect game .
i wanted to go to a ball game .
i bought my ticket and was ready to go .
i did not want to forget my fan gear to show my pride .
i stopped to get something to drink and something to eat before getting there .
once there i enjoyed the game as well as my food .
i ca n't believe i scored tickets to this amazing baseball game ! !
i 'm a huge organization organization organization fan so i better remember to bring my lucky foam finger !
i 'm stopping at the convenience store to grab a bottle of water for the ride !
i 'm enjoying a hotdog and the game on this beautiful day .
before i leave i better take a picture of the jumbo-tron so i can always remember what a great time i had .
he poses in front of the majestic statue .
here is an up close shot of the 4 horses !
this is the building which so many important historical events have occurred .
here i am enjoying the historic site .
the grass was well maintained over the years .
it was a day to remember days that have past by .
there is always a good photo op near by .
they look like they are almost about to trample you .
such a beautiful building for us to check out .
this is a day we must not forget .
that 's me [male] in location . my brother [male] took this photo .
those are some statues of horses . they are made of bronze .
that is where our other brother [male] works . he lives in location . we have been visiting for the last week ,
there is [male] . that is my shirt he borrowed from me .
after this we boarded a bus back home . it was a good trip .
visting location location was quite a thrill
this monument was erected during the french and indian war
i learned alot more than i thought i would and would like to come back again .
the scenery is spectacular
here i am overlooking part of the city .
we went on a statue-viewing trip .
we saw a lot of generals and gods and men on horses .
it 's amazing the life some of these sculptures seem to have .
the memorial park had a lot of statues as well , but did n't allow photography .
[male] was a bit annoyed , but we still had fun .
the road is ours as we start this wonderful road trip .
on our way we met some locals that would give us some fun tips .
they taught us about their culture and shared their delightful food .
they told us to be one with nature and admire its paintings .
but best of all they taught us home is where the heart is , especially if you have a llama waiting for you !
my uncle took my brother and i across the location in his new truck .
we had been on the road for over 10 hours and got really tired and stayed the night here .
we got to location city and i met up with my friends .
my uncle said i 've got more room in the back , do your friends want to tag along ?
we finally got to our destination and the experience was unbelievable .
a visit to another land was enjoyable .
this temple-looking building was a major attraction .
we gathered in smaller groups between sights .
the stone wall provided a nice view of the countryside .
it was great to explore a new place with friends .
a beautiful view of the landscape on our road trip
our clothes laying on the side after we decided to take a dip in the oaisis .
a local that we met and shared some tea and cookies with
a ledge on our trip up the mountain
the home that we stayed in for the weekend on the mountain .
the wasteland is a scary place f there are n't any people .
so droves of people came in order to make the wasteland more friendly looking .
people from all over came around to see what the commotion was all about .
eventually people started to live there building settlements .
now the wasteland is a bright vibrant town with many people in it .
[male] and [female] were celebrating their 10th anniversary .
the had previously me at the artcar festival 10 years earlier .
the car in this picture was [female] 's work of art she was entering at the festival this year .
[female] was very excited to win 2nd place in the competion .
[male] could n't be happier for her . it was a wonderful ending to a great celebration
`` stop it , '' [female] laughed . [male] grinned mischievously behind his camera .
she could n't help but grin as she walked by , the clicking of his camera somehow drowning out the city around her .
`` come back here , '' [male] said with a giggle , running to catch up with her . `` i need a good one for my page . ''
`` that 's it , '' he said , swooping away and snapping furiously . `` [female] , flashing that award winning smile , the flowers are shamed by her beauty . ''
turning the camera upon himself , [male] snapped the last picture he would ever take . it perfectly conveys the pure happiness that filled his heart on that fateful day .
my sister loved her visit to my town .
she was excited to finally arrive and see me .
she brought her husband with her as well and hes a nice guy .
she really could just not stop smiling when i had my camera .
her husband was a nice guy , he loved the camera as well .
there was a young woman who decided to spend the day exploring a new city .
she had fun laughing with strangers .
then she ran into her old friend who decided to join her in her tour of the city .
they talked and laughed as they went from street to street .
to end the day they ended up at his apartment building , and he invited her in for dinner .
the couple is on vacation .
they are going to artcar fest .
they saw some pretty cool cars .
the woman is having a great time .
the man is really enjoying the art .
just after we arrived in the hotel room
we decided to check out some of the historic downtown area
we needed a drink
what better feeling that walking on grass after a long car ride
we also took a walk through a beautiful park with birds singing and bees buzzing .
our b & amp ; b was very quaint and comfortable .
we even had a sink in our room . no hostel for us !
this place has such ambiance . it fit so well with this entire trip .
see what i mean ? how great is this ?
if only i could bring this cozy cottage back home ! maybe when i retire ...
the new bedroom looked amazing , i could wait to sleep in there .
out new town made me feel nostalgic , i always wanted to live in a town like this .
the local bar was dark but fun .
probably the first time she had put her feet through real grass in a long time .
the trees and bushes gave us all a peaceful feeling .
vacation is always welcome to me .
this time we went to location what a beautiful sight .
inside our hotel there were tons of tin buckets hanging kind of cool .
i love running barefoot through the grass i think i will fit right in here .
we went for a walk in the park so refreshing after a eight hour drive .
[female] arrives at the hotel for her stay .
she then goes outside to take a picture of the place she is staying at .
she the heads to a local bar to get a drink .
after drinking she goes outside and takes a picture of her feet .
she then starts to walk down the road as she sips her martini .
[male] and [female] were ready for an adventure .
they found a secret path in the wildnerness .
[female] found plants made of candy .
[male] found an incredible playground .
[male] and [female] had a great time in their own little narnia .
that was such a sunny day so we decided to spend it at the park .
everyone got their fair share of fresh air and exercise .
during lunch time , all the food disappeared pretty quickly .
the park also had nice walks to discover and a green house .
my brother found a way to injure himself , but he was more exited about telling the story to his friends than actually hurt .
the two siblings were happy to spend the day together for the weekend .
they went on adventures down the mysterious path behind the house .
while on the adventure the sister found a small toy to play with .
to their happy surprise the siblings found out that the path led to a small neighborhood park .
they spent the rest of the day playing together in the park .
brotger and sister taking a picture together .
on the path on our way to the park .
seating on the bench , and cheesing for the camera .
seating on one of his favorite toy at the park .
taking a picture in front of the slide .
the kids were so excited for summer vacation .
they loved to go outside .
sitting on their favorite bench , soaking up the sun .
playing on the playground , enjoying the nice weather .
[female] is so fun with your siblings .
the girl finds a boy in the woods .
she smiles to the cameraman , filming a reality show based on her exploits .
they set up a shot of them kissing ; the views will love this !
however , while he 's content , she 's angry he did n't keep his promise not to use tongue .
all that remains of him when she 's finished teaching him a lesson , is his sandal , left for the forest critters to use as they wish .
he was looking away as i try to take a picture of us .
our loving embrace is as bright as the sun shining on us .
i was trying to take a picture of this lovely creature , yet she keeps giving it to me .
he held my hand as we go beyond this serene forest .
we got on top of this log and tried to cross the other side .
we love spending time together . we go many places .
we enjoyed some time out in the woods and took several pictures .
we plan on using these pictures as out engagement pictures .
the area was a fabulous place to have pictures taken .
this is one of my favorite ones because it seems so lifelike .
[female] and [male] went for a hike one sunday afternoon .
halfway to their destination point , [male] stopped [female] and told they should take a rest .
[male] pointed out something shiny in the tree and [female] found a ring !
[male] proposed to [female] and their friend took a secret picture from behind them .
their friend then popped out and took an impromptu engagement picture session to celebrate !
the two lovers had a romantic day in the woods .
they walked through the trees , talking and taking photos .
they stopped back at the house for a break and smooches .
then went back for the rest of the day to walk and explore and find a nice spot to stop .
eventually they got to their favorite place and she took off her flip flops so she could walk on the fallen branches .
my parents decided to throw me a surprise graduation party .
they had many of my life accomplishments on display for everyone to see .
many different kinds of food was catered as well .
lots of decorations from my school were strewn about as well .
this is the trophy that my parents had made for me to celebrate this milestone in my life .
my family and i are going to celebrate my cousin , [male] 's graduation .
this is the flower bouquet that my family brought for [male] .
this was the sign right outside the dining area of the restaurant .
there was so many different kinds of food at the restaurant that was being served buffet-style !
we finally got home around 1am .
my graduation party .
wow , these old pictures might be a little too much .
do you think this is enough food for everyone ?
reuse the balloons from last year ! .
i get a trophy ... thanks mom ...
graduation day had finally arrived for [male] .
there were lots of pictures and memorabilia .
the food prepared was delicious and there was plenty to go around .
the entire family had also attended organization organization .
the award [male] received was representative of his high academic achievement .
today , we celebrated the well-deserved graduation of [male] rakesh .
his achievements have been bountiful and well-deserve praise .
what kind of celebration is a celebration without food ?
we were sure not to forget festive decorations !
even the sort of decorations that were a little too cool , in nature .
she did a lot of work in the kitchen . the electric mixer helps !
some friends were hanging out .
they were drinking some beers .
there was also some ice cream and cake .
they are the best of friends .
mixing some great cupcakes for the party .
the guests are arriving smelling the sweet cupcakes in the air .
my friends get a bit antsy waiting for the cupcakes , but i assure them they 're coming .
i hand out nice cold beers to help wait . nothing goes better with cupcakes than beer .
the cupakes are finally finished and everyone said it was worth the wait/
the baking date was fun for everyone .
they took time to take photos between mixing .
several people stayed for hours .
there were plenty of varieties of sweets to choose from .
a black and white photo was made to create a unique memory of the event .
[female] worked hard to prepare all the food for the party .
[female] 's friends showed up and helped her finish baking .
[female] also served really great beer at her party .
everyone loved the variety of food .
[female] and her friends had a great time !
we all got together to make treats at my friends house .
all of use love getting together a couple times a year and just making treats .
we have a great time and usually have a few drinks .
all of the cupcakes looked so delicious as we apply the frosting .
it was great to see my old college roommate for the first time in years .
a family takes a group photo before getting ready to leave the house to attend a wedding .
after the leave the house , the family walks down the street together towards the ceremony .
eventually , they all arrive at the church where the wedding is taking place .
they all sit down and have a nice dinner together before the ceremony begins .
after the wedding , everyone says their goodbyes to each other after some small talk .
the group is touring a magnificent gothic cathedral . the stained glass is gorgeous .
the outside of the cathedral is equally magnificent .
the ornate detail on the cathedral is spectacular . everyone is in awe over it .
two friends from the group are having a blast on their vacation so far .
after all the cathedral touring the group grabs a meal at a scenic restaurant .
the church this wedding was happening at was marvelous .
the outside looked like it was brand new , like it has just been built .
some of the designs were stunning .
they were looking forward to tomorrow , it was going to be a good wedding .
the pre wedding dinner was a good time for the girls to catch up and bond again .
we are finally all together for today 's service .
we decided to walk because it was a nice day .
there were many people there when we arrived .
we decided that there was time to stop and have some lunch .
after lunch we went in to find our seats for the service .
a family reunited after many years apart . they met at a restaurant to catch up on old times .
sisters take a stroll and get a chance to fill the gap of years past .
on the last day of the reunion the family met together for worship .
the last dinner together before everyone departs for their home town .
they just ca n't say goodbye so the conversations continues on for hours outside the restaurant .
i filled out the bill .
we waiting anxiously .
the building was very tall .
we where happy when it was all over .
we had a great time .
some friends met up outside to prepare to go out for drinks .
they walked to the skyscraper where their favorite bar was located .
they had a great time and got a bit inebriated .
they met up with some other friends as well .
it was a fun night that they all enjoyed .
we started our day in the park .
shortly after , we visited a building in the city that [male] demanded i take a look at .
afterwards , we met up with some of our friends for dinner .
it 'd been quite some time since we 'd seen this friends so we were quite excited .
some of us manage to stay young !
going to location to visit my family . it 's gon na be fun .
i like this building , so i took a picture . it 's located in location .
here 's my mom . i love her and miss her .
here 's my sisters . they are great .
my mom is funny and always knows how to show me a good time .
who knew there were so many forms to fill out to get married ?
we waited in line to get our marriage license .
we officially were married by the county !
we stopped by a bar to celebrate the night .
everyone was happy for us .
lining up to graduate !
here we are , coming in to sit down .
me and [male] .
this was my favorite professor .
lunch with the fam to celebrate .
graduation day ... ..finally !
the final walk in this building .
me and my 2 best friends and also my roommates .
my favorite professor .
me and the family .
the hooding ceremony is one that not many people are as familiar with as graduation .
the hooding ceremony is related to the award of a master 's degree .
my fellow students and i officially transitioned from 'students ' to 'masters ' .
i was so grateful to my professors and advisors for their support .
however , the greatest supporters that led me to this moment have always been my family !
the hooding ceremony was milestone in our family .
we were so excited to see our hard working graduate walk with such confidence .
she was beaming from ear to ear as she celebtated with friends .
her favorite professor was able to cheer her on and honor her accomplishment .
our beautiful family so proud of how far we 've come .
we could n't believe it was almost time for us to graduate !
it was amazing to be walking down that aisle .
we managed to take a selfie during the ceremony !
here i am with one of my favorite teachers .
my family was so proud , and i love them !
[male] and [female] wanted to take a trip to the beach together .
they flew kites at the beach .
they met some their friends there and had a party .
they cuddled by the fire at night .
they had the best night they have had in a while .
me and my boyfriend headed to location .
rest stop , time to roast some wieners for dinner .
i love the lands here . many pretty things to take pictures of .
suns up , see that morning view .
beautiful clouds , time to move along .
a couple took a drive while his giflfriend relaxed on his lap .
they stopped in a field to fly a kite
and played some kickball .
after everyone cuddle
while a campfire burned as the sun set .
the girl relaxes on her boyfriends lap as they drive to their camping spot on the beach .
the boyfriend flies a kite as he awakes on the next morning after arrival .
joined by their friends , the couple play ball with them and their dog .
as the night ends , the couple snuggle and steal a kiss by the fire .
the whole group of friends gather around the fire to wind down the night .
the best part of summer break is road trips to the beach with friends .
we bring activities like kites to fly .
we also like to play ball games in the sand .
once it 's dark we build a bonfire .
we park all the cars close and hang out all night .
the junior high school kids put on a play for the elementary school .
the kids watched intently as they performed .
the play also included story time .
once it was over , everyone took a group picture .
one of the kids said he really enjoyed himself !
it was a jungle play at school today .
participating in the audience was fun , we really got to se what was going on .
we learned about different animals .
we had to document our fun with a picture .
we then had to document our fun with a silly picture .
these people when to a school to meet with some children .
all the kids were excited and ready to see what was in store .
they took turns ready stories to the kids .
after wards they took a group picture together and handed out goody bags .
the kids really enjoyed their day .
the teachers were getting ready for their classes to join them .
the smaller children sat and enjoyed the story .
the male teacher held their attention as he read from his book .
they posed with the class to commemorate their day .
the young boy was happy with his prize after the story .
it was the first day of vacation bible school , and the volunteers were ready for the kids to arrive .
they started out with fun songs to get the children motivated .
the children gathered round as ashuman told the story of [male] and the whale .
after two hours of crafts , playtime , stories , and music , then children came together for a group photo .
[male] 's favorite part of the day was going home with a special bag of treats and trinkets .
[female] took her first trip to location with her best friend .
they walked along the river and had to stay bundled up because it was cold .
the architecture was interesting and very different from other places she had seen .
[female] and her friend goofed around and took photos all day .
[female] plans on going back to location the next chance she gets .
a couple of friends went out to visit the capitol building .
first they stopped by the river .
the capitol was very impressive .
they also saw some very detailed statues .
at the end of the day they were both very tired .
[male] and his friend decided to take a tour of the city in location .
[male] went out onto the pier over the water .
while in the city , they saw a really neat building with a domed top .
in the city , they saw a statue of a man and his dog from the old days .
at the end of the tour [male] was so tired from sightseeing .
me and my girlfriend and a trip to location .
a little bit cold by the water .
but worth it to see the beautiful buildings .
honestly not sure who this guy is ... .kinda scary though .
ok nap time .
the canadians stood proud in the american streets !
they went on strike and decided that unless they got more money , they would n't distribute maple syrup .
this caused a huge commotion within congress . they had to make a decision .
they decided to give more money to canadians in exchange for their maple syrup .
yes ! location wins again ! victory !
we visited the temples and they are so beautiful and majestic .
an example of the intricate artwork that is on the inside .
he poses in front of another side temple . the design and architecture is magnificent .
after visiting the temples we took a hike through the woods and up a mountain .
at the top of the mountain the view was spectacular .
[male] hiking his way through japan .
finally arrived at a town after all that hiking .
[male] spending his time in a lovely town .
time to hit to road again and visit other places .
[male] is tired out already .
it was their first visit to asia
they explored the local art around the country
they posed for pictures under the ancient building .
they went for hikes in the distance asian country
they took in the beautiful scenery the country had to offer
the hike to the ancient monuments was exhausting .
but once the man reached his destination he was excited .
the buildings were beautiful and had lots of history .
the scenery was also breathtaking .
the man really enjoyed all the new things he saw that day .
our trip to location was absolutely beautiful . this is the hike up to one of the temples .
at the top , you can overlook the town below ; there are so many trees !
this is the temple we visited . the colors are so vibrant and the place is gigantic as well .
this is another shot overlooking the town . it is n't as high up as the other , but the view of the resulting area is still gorgeous .
there are loads of naturally occurring bamboo forests surrounding the temple . they grew so high .
everyone was gathered to watch the running of the bulls .
the streets were crowded with people .
they were all ready to start the run .
here it goes !
it is n't easy to dodge those bulls .
look at all these people to watch us idiots !
there 's a lot of us getting ready to run with the bulls .
here 's the two of us , scared to death but excited .
oh no ! bull !
there 's the bulls !
ready for the `` running of the bulls '' in location with huge throngs of spectators all along the street .
we are off and only walking now , this is crazy but no turning back at this point .
my friend rob feeling a little uneasy as am i , keep moving on brother , we do n't want to fall behind !
rob again giving me a sheepish grin as we both can hear the bulls and people yelling behind us . : (
we decided to get into the seats at the stadium and let the other more brave and experienced local folks tangle with the bulls now in the stadium .
the buildings along the run of the organization was crowded . many people had gotten there early to ensure a good spot .
the runners lined up .
[male] was in location on vacation and very excited to take part in such a historical event .
go , [male] , go !
the men run for their lives !
the college students watched the football game from the stands .
when the game let out there was craziness .
people were everywhere !
everyone started towards the exit .
some people cut across the field to leave .
it all started with a boy who was very excited for his first day of school .
his mom gave him a big hug to send him off .
he and his best friend walked to school together .
once there , the boy made even more friends .
he sat down in his very own desk and was ready to start a great year of learning !
our boy was ready for his first day .
we met up with friends outside the building .
and found more inside .
he found his way through the halls to his class .
and finally all the way to his new desk in homeroom .
he was posing for a picture in his school uniform
she was happy and sad to see her son off to school
they posed for pictures with their friends
they got lots of pictures together with all of their friends
they were finally in school ready to learn for the day
my son was so excited for his first day of school .
he posed for a quick photo with mom .
then posed for a photo with his buddy .
he really loves photos and his best friend .
he 's got all his supplies for school and ca n't wait to get started learning !
the first day of kindergarten was finally here . [male] was ready to go to his brand new school .
mom could n't believe how old he was . it did n't seem possible that this day was actually here .
[male] and [male] took a picture in their new uniforms .
soon the rest of their class joined in on the fun .
[male] found his desk . he was thrilled to be in the front row .
what a nice place it is here . ca n't wait to get to see everyone at the convention .
the first groups gathering , it was looking to be a big event in a spacious area .
there were a lot of people there . everyone was having fun catching up .
old friends got together and took pictures .
finally , the speaker began and everyone remembered why they were here . it was grand .
during the annual convention it was always difficult for him to be on time .
there were so many colleagues to meet and touch base with .
the small activity sessions were interesting .
always nice to have a few moments to take in the location and attendees .
the impromptu sharing is successes continues to be a highlight .
he loved his new job , he even had his own elevator
the job was fair was really fun , it was spaced out in a nice lobby
the after party for the wedding was jam packed , but very lively .
our family reunion was really great , we had not seen him in a long time
the reception was really nice and peaceful , we met a lot of good people there
i made a grand entrance at the annual sales convention .
most people missed it though as they were just beginning to arrive .
in no time at all things got busy .
and i even ran i to some old buddies from last year 's conference .
i ca n't wait to see everyone again next year .
a large company was holding it 's annual conference at a large hotel .
a lot of people from different branches were in attendance .
it gave the employees a great way to network and get to know other in the company .
the lobby was very busy after the conference with people chatting and having a good time .
the night of the conference the company held a large banquet with great food .
we were driving down the highway .
rolling past the beaches of the location location location .
found a place to rest and have something to eat .
io seemed that others had the same idea as us !
we were welcomed by the mascots of the dinner .
our car ride to our destination in location .
we got there just in time because the parking lot was starting to get filled up really quickly .
we could see the japanese temple from a distance .
once we were up close to the temple , we were able to see all of the fine details of the temple itself .
my favorite part of the temple ; they had a dog up for display .
we started on our way to the museum .
we passed by the beach which we would go back to later .
our kids almost could n't wait to get into the building .
it was busy , so we had to wait for a while .
eventually , we got in , and the kids had so much fun looking at everything especially this dog .
the drive to our destination was peaceful .
we were able to get beautiful views of the ocean .
when we arrived the first thing we noticed was it looked like the town was celebrating .
as the crowds began to grow we were thankful to have got a great view of the building .
one of my favorite exhibits was the dog statue .
going on a road trip , on our way to the festival .
taking a picture of the ocean .
made it to the festival .
full crowed in front of the temple .
display of a dog and a cat .
the friends posing for a nice picture at the game .
friends dressed up and posing for a picture at the club .
[male] and his sister posing for a picture with ralphy the dog .
pillow fight between sisters .
posing for a picture at the party .
prom night was the best . i was the luckiest guy there
all the girls gathered for the year end picture
mom decided to jump in for a quick photo opportunity
sleep overs were some of the best memories from high school
one last photo before everyone heads off to college
it was a group get together and they were posing for a picture
now they were wearing dresses instead of t shirts
guy and girl pose with their dog here
they have pillow fights and laugh
the group takes a photo wearing their dresses
prom is going to be the best memory for [female] .
all her friends all dressed up nice and pretty .
[female] and her boyfriend will be attending too .
[female] 's best friend often tease her/
this is us going to prom .
everyone had high expectations for prom night .
the girls dressed nicely and took a group photo .
one of the young couples took a photo with their lovely dog .
a fun pillow fight ensued in the other room .
and after the prom , the girls took another photo .
got to feed a pair of boars some apples today .
seen this fuzzy guy hanging out looking down on us like he 's so mighty .
found a camel that participated in the ice bucket challenge .
spied on a bear while he was snoozing .
this otter does not approve of having his picture taken .
our trip to the zoo , this was the aardvark .
elephant posed for me .
[male] the parrot . he would n't shut up .
this is a cute little panda hiding from the others
camels are funny .
the zoo is full of colorful characters including this warthog .
the elephant has a wrinkly and wide trunk .
colorful birds are everywhere including this mostly green one .
the panda almost looks like he is smiling .
the camel looks quite but watch out because they spit .
there was a new sanctuary opened in our town so we went to see it .
there were many animals there that we do not normally get to see .
the camels were one of the funniest ones .
there were many types of different animals which made it more interesting .
some of the animals were ones that i had never seen before .
we saw a lot of animals at our local zoo . this wild boar looked curiously at the camera .
the elephant looks old and wise with all of her wrinkles .
the exotic birds were chipper , singing songs and fluttering about .
a panda hung from the trees as we walked by .
the camel seemed uninterested , which was probably for the better . i hear they have a tendency to spit !
they were so pumped to be going to the rush concert !
all the fans gathered around the arena waiting for the concert
more of the fans begin filling up the seats to the concert .
rush finally gets to the stage at the concert 's rocking !
and that 's the last song of the concert what a great show rush put on !
she got some tickets to a rush concert .
the concert was completely packed .
all of her friends were very excited .
rush played their greatest hits .
the entire audience was having a great time .
we had waited quite some time to go to the rush concert .
when we arrived the crowd was already buzzing by the merchandise stands .
the kids could n't wait for the show to start .
rush came on stage and began rocking the place immediately !
rush did not disappoint anyone in the house !
i won free tickets to the rush concert ! !
we got there and i made my way to the merch stand .
the shows about to start and i 'm excited !
rush sounds amazing live !
there are so many people here and everyone is really hyped up . we 're chanting for an encore .
rush is set to play at the location location in location .
the crowd files in quickly .
everyone waits in the audience with excited anticipation .
the lights dim and the stage light come up .
rush is on stage and rocking out for everyone .
we were in location and intended to see the historic sights .
that included the famous eiffel tower .
we decided to walk up instead of taking the elevator .
we saw some great sights on the way up .
the view from the top was amazing . everyone was glad we had taken the time to climb the tower .
they see a huge [male] style architecture but ca n't identify it .
obviously they stop by the location location , because who would n't ?
the whole family decides to take a trip to location .
they stop by a palace that supposedly belongs to a rich prince .
[female] climbs to the top of an observatory and snaps a quick picture to cap off the day .
the newton family really had a great time vacationing in location last summer .
and what would a trip to location be like without visiting the location location ?
it 's an awful long stair climb to the top of the tower , but the family carries on .
the exquisite french architecture is really a sight to behold .
after a long day of touring , [female] newton stops to enjoy the scenic view .
we saw a lot of cool stuff on our trip to location .
the eiffel tower was pretty okay .
all these people blocked our exit when we tried to leave , because [male] tried to leave an upper-decker in the bathrooms .
then we got sent to french jail !
it 's okay , we got out through the roof .
our visit to location was full of exciting visits to historical landmarks .
it was very surreal to see the eiffel tower .
we made out way to the top to see the entire city .
the historical buildings were very beautiful .
the man had a great time seeing the city .
[male] and his boys were going on a hike in the woods .
they loved to walk and see all the nature around them .
they then wondered into an old house !
[male] and the boys took a look inside !
after the adventure they decided to head back .
awesome day for a family outing .
the one who ate beans for lunch gets to bring up the rear .
this is a lovely part of the forest .
the kids are having a great time .
no , you may not bring him home and adopt the frog .
the family took the kids on a hike on a weekend morning .
they hiked to the top of the hill
and discovered at tiny abandoned shack .
we explored the inside of the house
before heading back home .
we went on a family hike today !
tromping through the woods ! the intrepid adventurers ...
some of the forest floor . pretty amazing plants back in here .
still enjoying the hike a mile in !
the boys really enjoyed seeing new wildlife . check out this frog !
a pose with my boys while waiting for mom to catch up
[male] hurry up ! we need to hurry , it is getting dark
something is hiding down there . got to be careful boys
my boys are tired ! they need to catch their breath .
look boys , its a toad . can we have it for dinner ?
the whole family decided it was time for a vacation .
we went to very scenic places to make a lot of memories .
there was a lot of swimming in beautiful beaches .
walking on the beach was a new experience and a lot of fun .
none of us wanted to leave the water 's side .
the eldest brother paced the beach edge looking for something .
the middle boy was pulling things out of the shallows and searching for shells .
the youngest looked on at his older brothers , stopping his sand play .
they all met up at the boat at the little dock before it got dark .
as the sun set they returned to the lush inland scenery on their way home .
the view of the sunset over the mountains was a perfect way to end the day .
the glimpse i caught of these hidden rocks was one of the best pictures taken on this vacation .
the young boy enjoyed the beach , especially getting his feet wet .
the dad looked for shark teeth as he walked along the shore .
the pathway to the boat was filled with footprints of travels that had been there previously .
this was the perfect spot for a vacation . the view was amazing .
we got to go sightseeing .
we spent some time at the beach which we all loved .
a nice walk along the beach with the water touching our feet .
there were very few people there so we had a big part of the beach all to ourselves .
i wish we had something like this back home
the kid in awe of the swimming creatures
getting ready to constuct a sand castle
such an interesting pattern in the sand that it almost seems unreal .
the sunset on our trip back home .
today is halloween and we are having fun .
first thing i did , make my boy and nice pumpkin sandwich with his favorite , cheese .
to infinity and beyond .
found this cute thing stuck in the neighbors tree .
a ghost hangs about too .
halloween arrived and the pumpkin was a scary dragon .
the child was buzz lightyear this year .
there were scary decorations on the lights .
and even a ghost outside .
there was also a pink dragon in the trees .
halloween fun started with creative pumpkin carving .
the mother even made a fun face in the son 's cheese on his hamburger at dinner .
after dinner , they got dressed up to go trick or treating .
while trick or treating , they saw a colorful kite in a tree .
the colorful kite was next to a spooky ghost hanging decoration .
this is the scariest pumpkin i 've ever carved .
a halloween cheeseburger for my little man .
my little buzz lightyear , ready to trick or treat .
this was a cool dragon hanging from the neighbor 's tree .
my neighbors have the coolest halloween decorations .
oooh . the time of scarey images and trick or treating is here .
the little one could n't wait to each his candy .
the friends and neighbors approaching our house were puzzled with the chandelier hanging in the tree ,
but they completely understood the ghost hanging nearby .
the ghost did it 's job in frightening a kite to an untimely death in the tree boughs .
we woke up in the hotel to find that it had snowed overnight .
it was n't too cold , though . the streets were pretty wet .
the snow was good for snowman building .
it was also pretty good for snowball throwing .
the lake south of town was even more gorgeous with a frosting of snow around it .
the roads must have been cleared first thing in the morning !
here is the family showing the result of their teamwork .
here you can see him get pelted with a snowball !
the lake was majestic and beautiful , we are happy to have seen it .
here we are at the special location that was both adventurous and romantic to experience .
this was a different , and colder vacation for us .
i am glad the family made it here , it would be lonely without them .
it started out hard to walk around , but we got used to it .
i think this view showed us what it was all about .
this will be a photo we never forget , no matter how old we are .
it was a weekend get away time for the family .
after arriving at the hotel they began to play in the snow .
[female] never seen this much snow in her life .
they the take in the beauty of the lake .
[male] and [female] take a picture to show off to their friends .
the family went on vacation and stayed in a motel at the edge of town .
once they got settled in their room . the father scouted around to find a restaurant for the family .
the next day they went to the mountains and had a ball playing in the snow .
they sled down the hill and threw snowballs at each other .
in the evening they climb to a high point on the mountain range and roasted marshmallows as the sun went down .
here is our baby just weeks after being born !
he grew so quickly ! i really miss these days .
he always loved being outdoors even when he was very young .
his love for the outdoors continued right into his teenage years .
and now look at him , he just graduated high school ! where does the time go ?
our family loves to go visit grandma and grandpa during winter break .
the horses are fun to brush , and ride .
when it snows , we love to go out in the fresh snow .
racing down the hill on sleds is so much fun .
after playing outside , we love to sit by the tree and eat goodies .
[male] was wide awake this morning .
as baby got bigger , we captured some fun moments , like eating cake .
tapping the trees for sap .
sledding was one of the best times of our lives .
up until graduation , we have all the photos in between .
my son was so little when he was born .
when he would eat , he would spit everything out unless i made him laugh .
as a toddler he loved the snow and would stay out for hours .
when he got older , he got more daring and loved the thrill of winter .
i 'm so proud of him on his graduation day - all grown up !
[male] [female] was born in 1994 .
[female] was a healthy baby that always made mom smile .
mom loved capturing all of [female] 's first moments , like
the first time [female] went sledding and
the day [female] graduated from high school !
[female] luc loves his job as a customs officer on the canadian border .
in the winter , [female] luc often skis to work .
sometimes his commute is a bit treacherous , but he loves the terrain and being in the outdoors .
on some days , [female] will ski in to bring [female] luc lunch .
as they eat inside the warmth of the border station , they enjoy the view of the beautiful vistas which surround them .
[male] and i were excited to begin our ski adventure . we arrived at the sky resort early and were soon bundled up and ready to go .
[male] led the way , it was alot of work making our way up the trail .
here i am finally making it to the crest of the hill . i was exhausted from the climb .
i had to stop and take a break to catch my breath . it was also a good opportunity to enjoy the view from the top of the ridge .
finally , the exhilerating run down the hill , this is what makes all the hard climbing worth while !
[female] went to the mountain to go skiing .
some of the cliffs were very high with snow hanging off of them .
[female] had to work hard to get up some of the hills .
when she made it to the top she was ready to go down .
[female] loved the feeling of zooming down the slopes .
my wife and i went to the mountains for a weekend of skiing .
we had to cross many obstacles in order to reach the first slope .
going down my first hill was such a rush !
my wife had to do a lot of hiking to get up the big hill..
however , the hard work after turned into a beautiful and exciting outcome .
at the lodge on the start on the ski trip
i had to cross over this unique bridge and it was scary .
just enjoying a nice ride down in this perfect snow
after i hiking up a ledge getting ready to descend again .
on my way down trying to avoid the trees
pregaming before heading to the club .
we also decided to meet up with the girl .
i was a little tipsy as you can tell by this photo .
a nice shot of all the people in the club
the music was live very good .
[male] and [male] out celebrating his birthday .
[male] is having a blast at the club .
posing with a skeleton at the club .
posing for a picture inside the club with a girl .
outside of the club is [male] and his date .
they went out for a night out to the clubs !
they took pictures in the club they were having a great time
he played with the fake skeleton at the club
they decided to take a group photo to remember their night
the next day they posed for another picture together
the best friends are ready for a night out on the town .
the girl joins them and they head out .
the friend is excited to be at the club .
everyone is having a great time dancing .
they finish the night by listening to a live local band .
me and my bro [male] got together for a sick night out .
everybody was there , even lazy legs dave and his weird new girlfriend that 's into macrame .
we got trashed at the club !
there were so many people at the venue .
we all left when that weird dude brought his bongos onto the stage .
she was quite happy to give her son a hug on this special day .
a happy mother holds up her beautiful young son .
despite his parents best effort , their son seemed to not like trains .
the family embraced their son as he turns one .
he sucks in air in order to blow out his birthday candles .
[male] woke up excited for his birthday party .
a family of bears were there to tell funny stories .
it was pretty fun , so mom made him take a break from the excitement .
he got a really neat train set to play with !
[male] made sure to thank mom and dad for the great party after !
mother and son were posing for a picture
and other on christmas
the son cried because santa brought him his toy train
and the family posed for another picture
before he blew out a candle for a cake
my nephew [male] 's birthday , we just flew in this morning from location to see him .
i had not seen this little guy since his baptism . how big you have gotten [male] !
do n't cry ! a balloon just popped and uncle [male] was wearing a red clown nose .
here we are with our nephew . this should be a good photo to send grandma !
make a wish , one , two , three , how old are we ? i helped him blow out the candles .
a mother and her son pose for a birthday picture !
mom was so proud of her little boy for being so good !
he loved his new train present ! he played with it all day !
dad even got in on a picture ! they were all very happy .
mom helped her son blow out the candles to end the perfect birthday !
the two girls are sisters and best friends .
here is the whole sqaud showed together .
here the girls are about to perform .
here the two sisters congratulate one another after the show .
the halftime performance was stellar !
our cheerleading squad visited the epcot center last weekend .
there were some amazing art fixtures .
practice before the competition went really well .
the competition went good , everyone did really well !
we got a team photo before we decided to head home .
me and my best friend have been cheerleaders ever since we were little .
here is us at one of our first tournaments posing with our team .
we constantly joined different cheering troupes together .
here is us at one the biggest tournaments we 've ever been to !
to this day , we participate in high caliber tournaments around the world .
the school cheerleaders went to location this year .
they spent a little downtime at some of the attractions , posing for photos .
the girls worked very hard practicing their routine .
they did an excellent job during the competition !
afterwards , they were very proud of the trophy they earned !
cheer group picture in front of location location location .
quick picture at the foot of a huge sculpture .
team cheer competition round one .
the team 's cheer competition in the finals .
winning cheer team and their trophies .
every year , hundreds of goats are injured do to removal of their natural habitat .
this tiny village is making it their mission to protect and return these animals where they belong .
these animals are not fit for work or food and therefore are put back into the wild .
the animals are given proper care before they return .
at the end of the day , there is satisfaction in knowing the proper treatment that they have been given .
going to spend the day at the beach teaching this ram how to swim .
ok , ram , do n't be scared let 's get into the water .
brought some friends to help the ram feel comfortable .
ram decided to play dead just so he does n't have to swim .
finally got him up , this was harder than we would have thought .
a couple of community members had the chance to play with the goats down at the local farm .
they took the goats to the beach for some fun .
here 's one of them lifting a while goat !
as it started getting late , some of the goats started getting tired and we had to carry them back .
all in all , i 'm sure we all had a great time at the beach .
a bunch of sheep escaped from a farm
the sheep ended up on a beach .
the sheep farmers have to catch all the sheep and return them to the farm
it has been very hard catching the sheep and each sheep has to be caught one by one
the last sheep has been caught well into the evening . all the farmers are very exhausted from the day .
the men are tying a goat down .
giving the goats a bath in the ocean .
man carrying a goat into the ocean .
another man carrying a goat into the ocean .
dragging the last goat of the day .
[male] finally realized his dream of visiting mayan ruins .
he saw the ancient carvings .
he got to go inside some of the crumbling structures .
[male] climbed all over the ancient facades .
the whole experience was wonderful for him .
after an incredibly long walk , we visited the temple .
here 's a photo of me and one of the sculptures embedded in the sides .
it 's so surprising to me that these structures manage to stay in tact after all these years .
the architects must have been so precise in their work .
this was my favorite sculpture of the day .
[male] was visiting some old ruins
the ruins were very old and carried so much history
[male] went into one of the old temples
[male] posed by some other old artifacts
beautiful ruins john loved his visit
went to visit one of the angkor complex temples today !
here 's me with buddha .
taking in shots from location location .
the detailed carvings were incredible .
what an incredible day walking through a wonder of the world !
the man is very happy on his vacation .
he sees many ancient carvings .
he poses for many pictures .
he is especially excited to visit these ruins .
he takes a lot of pictures but this was his favorite .
the family gets together for a nice meal .
the family then takes a picture at the table .
they then decide to head to the beach for some swimming .
they get into the water and swim around and have some fun .
now tired out from all the swimming they decide to rest on the beach and look at the water .
a family spent a day out by the beach .
they enjoyed a nice lunch before heading out .
the beach was beautiful and sunny .
the family had a great time together .
at the end of the day they all went for a swim in the ocean .
my kids and i started our day at a nice little diner in the city .
my parents had always taken me here as a kid because the food was cheap .
we then made our way to the beach because the kids wanted to swim .
there 's always a lot of pretty boats by the coast to see .
it 's always a great feeling to finish your day with a refreshing swim .
stopping for a bite to eat at one of the local eateries .
here 's the girls enjoying their food .
what a site this beach is . so beautiful and so few people .
here we go ! swimming in this beautiful , secluded beach . so much fun .
such a site to see as we boat past on our way off the island .
[female] and [male] went with their mother to the restaurant while on vacation .
they had a wonderful meal while dining outside in the fresh air .
afterwards , they decided to hit the beach .
they had a great day bonding walking along the sand .
they even went for a swim near the cliffs .
it was time to get ready for the game .
the whole team was there .
after the opening tip , it was game on .
there was lots of action .
in the end , we won .
tonight was the last game of the season for the organization . here , coach [male] helped senior [male] walsh shake off his nerves .
before the game began , all the graduating seniors ( players and cheerleaders ) were honored along with their families .
the game started slow , with walsh scoring most of the few baskets before the end of the first period .
during the second period , walsh and the indians came back , and dominated their rivals , the organization organization organization organization .
the final game of the season was a hard-fought victory ! coach [male] could n't have hoped for a better way to say goodbye to his senior players !
we had finally made our team take a good picture for the playoffs .
practice was brutal , but it was worth it in the end !
[male] made a perfect shot immediately and put us in the lead .
[male] kept the ball away from them long enough for us to win !
our coach was so proud of us that we did a celebratory group hug !
the basketball team was excited to be in the finals .
they had fought through a tough season that year .
during warm ups the team was intense and focused .
the game was hard fought and extremely close .
in the end the boys overcame their challenge and were champions .
the indian teammates have a lot of fun before the game .
but they get down to business as soon as the game starts .
number 30 goes in for another shot but fakes a pass to number 12 .
he dribbles around and makes a three point shot .
the organization win the game and excitedly hug .
a dad is sleeping on the couch .
a mom is getting ready to make a birthday cake for her little girl .
the birthday girl is playing in the pool .
this is the birthday cake the mother made .
the whole family is together with the birthday gift ... a new doggie .
mom is having a drink before all of the activities .
cousin [female] is arriving in good spirits .
little [female] having a great time in the kiddie pool .
cousin [male] had a long day with the kids .
everybody is all dry and ready to go home for a nap .
my goofy brother .
my beautiful mother .
my daughter all grown up .
birthday cake for [female] .
our happy family .
the dad was exhausted from preparing for the little girls birthday celebration .
the mom was very excited for the girls big day .
she had lots of fun playing in the pool .
the cake was big and decorated beautifully .
the family and pup had a really good birthday .
rod was laying on the couch watching ren and timpy .
[female] liked to stare at rod while he watched ren and stimpy .
the two lazy parents watched tv instead of their daughter .
it was their daughters third birthday . afterwards it was party time with the neighbors .
the neighbors came over with their dog . after this photo everyone had cake .
it was band night at the restaurant .
there was even a performer on the cajon .
the entire band played really well .
the harmonica player was my favorite .
i also really liked the drummer .
[male] plays the bass .
[male] plays the mamba .
they practice diligently every day under the president 's face .
the years of practice pay off , and they perform so well , no one is shot .
in celebration , they end the set with a jazz scat masterpiece , before being eaten by lions , vacationing from their canadian zoo .
making music fir the guests is always fun .
there were many different sounds including this one .
when the whole band plays together it sounds amazing .
when he started playing the harmonica everyone applauded .
everyone had such a great time . you could tell by the expressions on their faces .
i went see a live show the other day .
one of the musicians could make a beat with nearly anything .
the band sounded really great in the park .
you could tell the singer loved what he did .
the drummer was very laidback as he kept the pace .
[male] is playing the double bass at the concert .
[male] is beating along on the washboard
the band performs at a charity event .
[male] sings along to the music played by his bandmates .
[male] keeps time on the drums .
it was a lovely day for the marathon even though some preferred were more active than others .
the event was fun for the whole family . even the kids joined in .
right before the race began , everyone took their places
the starting gun went off and the racers sprang into action
the racers battled hard for top position
yes , we are in location , finally we get to be at the game !
i 'm tired . i think i want to lay down right here .
lunch time . i met up with my really cool family . we are eating snacks .
this is my other family coming to meet us .
[female] my other family finds me , now i 'm in a marathon .
while dad tested the grass for comfort , the rest of the family waited eagerly for their friend to cross the marathon finish line .
the little one , especially , enjoyed the sights while finishing a cold drink .
it seemed like forever since the family watched the athletes take off early in the morning .
but now here they come - all smiles - as the runners know they will soon cross the finish line .
excitement builds as spectators and runners alike cheer on the finishers .
since the baseball field was empty we took our party elsewhere .
[male] just layed in the grass looking at the clouds .
most of us had decided to do some arts and crafts though !
[male] had to call us to tell us that he would n't be coming until much later .
in the end we all made signs to support our local marathon runners !
the family came to watch the marathon but laid down to rest before it started .
their son was drinking water meant for the marathoners but nobody seemed to mind .
finally the race begins .
they see their friend running along .
she had a blast and did very well .
i had my son for the day and decided to have an adventure with him in the city .
of course , we always get his favorite dessert . ice cream !
next stop , the location location . that smile always melts my heart .
sometimes when he gazes into the distance , i wish i knew what 's going on in his head .
the day was eventful and he was tired by the time i dropped him off at his father 's .
this is [male] . he wanted to go see a train up close and personal .
here we are on the bus ride to the train station .
bus dropped us off here . it was a short walk to the station .
we got super close to the train
[male] had a great day and learned a lot . but he was glad to be back home .
my son has strawberry blonde hair like me
the ladies already think he is a stud
i tell him that 's a good thing because he is bashful
we went to a skyscraper to take pictures
he is growing way to fast !
we spent the day travelling around location with [male] .
we first bought him some refreshments to tide him over .
the bridge was his favorite part of the day .
then , we went and ate up in a skyscraper and had a great view .
when we got back home , [male] was happy to get back to sleep .
stopped at the park to have a snack .
had to ride on public transportation to get to our next stop .
as we were walking across a bridge i wanted to stop and see the water .
when our trip was about over , we decided to take a train home .
that was a great trip and i can not wait to do it again !
having a great time with friends .
but the day is n't over , time to stock up on food and snacks .
having a great dinner before we play some games !
boy that meal is really setting it , finding it hard to concentrate .
they say there is no food like soul food , time to get a good nights rest .
the most important meal of the day is breakfast .
[male] was n't quite ready for a hearty meal .
the crew is all ready to go for the day .
[male] is up to his old tricks .
better do some shopping before we get home .
the group decided to take a picture together
later in the store they took a picture of some ben and jerry 's ice cream
they arrived home to eat a nice meal together
they played board games and talked to each other
then they finally fell asleep after a long day of hanging out together
the friends were excited for the upcoming night .
they went to the grocery store to pick up some items for dinner .
dinner was a delicious home made meal .
afterwards they had games .
the man was tired from game night .
eggs benedict for breakfast with sausages on the side .
a nap was in order after eating such a huge breakfast !
everyone smiling for the group selfie during the post breakfast walk .
trying to push a bear into a trash can was harder than we thought .
ice cream was definitely the only way to end a long day .
a group of friends spent the night bar-hopping and had an awesome time .
they played bar games like darts and pool .
nobody can remember what this game is called , but it was sure fun !
they tried all the bar food .
and of course no night is complete without a round or six of shots !
[male] had gone months without a date .
his best mate [male] thought it was time to change that so
he took [male] to the local bar for some drinks !
they hung around the bar after some shots and played some table games .
after a long night of drinking , [male] went home with a girl !
a bunch of friends gathered at a bar to hangout .
outside two of our friends goofed off .
we all took shots
than played pool after .
our friend met a girl he was interested in getting to know . he worked the nerve up to talk to her .
the crew was excited for their night out .
they went to the bar which had lots of billiards tables .
they play billiards all night while drinking and listening to music .
the ran into some friends who they had not seen in a long time .
and toasted to a night full of friends , food , drinks and fun .
it was a fun evening at the bar .
[male] met up with his friends .
they had a few drinks .
they played some fun bar games together .
he even met a new friend .
some people took a drive
to a national park .
first they went kayaking .
then they cuddled by the fire and watched the stars .
feeling content by their trip they left to go back home .
every year the family goes to the lake .
while at the lake they like to go canoeing and kayaking .
sometimes they even kayak through rapids .
but at the end of the day , they always sit down and tell each other stories .
then everyone goes to sleep in their tents to get ready for the next day .
here is our vehicle that enabled us to have a safe trip !
this was the mountain we hiked across !
the canoe was fun and relaxing at the same time for the family !
we camped out under the stars and enjoyed our time together
the tent kept our family safe from the elements !
there where few places in this world that i felt peace , but here looking at the snow on the rocks i knew i found it once again .
what struck me as odd was that there was another boat there in the first place . from what i could gather we were alone out here , but there it was . a green boat sitting alone in the water .
we looked down from a high place , and saw the rapids rushing over each rock .
the fire set , and the tent made . we were ready for a wonderful night of cooking over wood coals , and enjoying the heat of the fire .
the sun was going down , but we were not ready for bed . we set a light in the tent so we could read in the peace of the covering .
whenever i need to get away from urban life , i plan a trip to the great outdoors .
while there are plenty of places to visit , i 've always preferred the mountains and hills .
in addition to hiking and climbing , kayaking and other boats also offer a nice get-away .
the beauty of nights out in nature often make me more appreciative of simpler things .
whenever a trip concludes , i always feel invigorated and recharged to take on the busy , urban life back home .
[female] and linda are heading out to go bike riding .
at the trail finally they get onto their bikes .
after riding the trail they pose for a picture .
time to get something to eat after a hard workout of riding bikes .
[female] eating after a hard day .
my best friend and i went to ride our bikes .
we rode on the location location .
along the way we took this very artistic photo .
then we stopped for a short rest .
when we were done i was so hungry i ate a huge hamburger .
the cycling trip was our getaway for the weekend .
this route was relaxing and scenic .
rest was accomplished on the green space along the way .
this was our chosen spot for lunch .
we were so hungry and ate a lot .
two women decide to go on a fun day trip on their bikes .
they ride down the location location .
at the end of the ride , they posed for a quick picture .
then they stopped for a bite to eat at organization organization organization .
after a long day 's bike ride , they enjoyed delicious burgers and drove home .
ready for a healthy bike ride .
time to conquer the trail
i little rest .
enough healthy stuff .
what ? no ones perfect
first they took a selfie in the city .
then they took a selfie in the restaurant .
they took another selfie near the subway .
then they took a selfie outside .
finally , they had someone else take a shot for them , it was wonderful .
our trip to the city was fantastic .
first we had some great food .
then we saw some extraordinary art .
we got lost for a little while .
but it all worked out , because we found a park to hike through .
[female] and [male] pose for a pick in the streets
then at dinner they share a kiss
they decide to head back outdoors for a hike
they get to the lake and it is beautiful
they have a great time together at the lake
[male] and crista enjoyed their honeymoon
they had dinner at some of the neatest restaurants !
they had even taken many pictures
of the exact same pose in different places !
even so they had fun , in the beautiful tropics !
the couple was excited for their day out on the town .
they visited a restaurant and tried new food .
they also rode the subway for the first time .
later they escaped the city and went out to nature .
the water and scenery was calming and relaxing .
they had an outdoor wedding with the most beautiful scenery .
the bride and groom were so excited to share their special day with people they loved on such a gorgeous day .
they even had the most amazing way of getting to the reception .
everyone got to ride a ski lift from the ceremony to the reception which created so many amazing photos and one memorable ride for them and all of their guests .
at the reception , everyone could see all of the time spent on the little details . it really was a perfect day .
we just got here for the wedding of our best friends .
[male] is walking his daughter down the aisle .
the groom looks so happy on his wedding day .
the tables look beautiful at the reception .
at the end the night , the bride and groom could n't look happier on their wedding day .
it was their wedding day not a cloud in the sky
she was ready to say yes to him
the groom poses for a picture on his wedding day
card and flowers from there parents congratulating them on their wedding
the groom poses with his sister on the day of his wedding
it was beautiful outside .
the couple got married .
and went on a lovely ride .
they enjoyed it very much .
and received many nice cards .
for our wedding , we decided to have one at a location that was quaint but a little offbeat .
it was a beautiful , clear day to have a ceremony .
after the ceremony , we all traveled up the mountains for a party with a beautiful view .
although , perhaps , our attire was a little unusual , compare to usual visitors .
but all the arrangement and entertainment for our guests and ourselves were well worth it .
i met up with [female] who wanted to do a pre-photo shoot before her wedding .
she was a lot of fun to photograph .
she looked really great in her wedding gown .
she also wanted to pose in some options of bridesmade dresses .
she really enjoyed the red one and choose it for her wedding .
first photo i took to good a nice view of the whole dress .
a little closer to get her beautfiful face .
relaxed shot showcasing the dress as the background .
red and amused .
she was trying to get her model pose going .
she was taking glamor shots in her wedding dress
she posed for the camera with a smile
she then took to her serious side with a pose
she posed laying down in a different dress this time
and finally a new red dress she seemed to love
the bride was showing off her beautiful wedding dress .
she was very excited for the upcoming big day .
the dress was her grandmother 's and handed down from her mother to her .
her maid of honor was wearing a nice blue dress .
and the rest of the ladies wore a red dress .
the bride wanted to have a photo session before her wedding .
she posed in a relaxed way in front of a white background .
the bride to be wanted to show her beautiful dress ,
the bride also wanted an informal photo session .
in the end , she wanted to photographed in a funny pose .
we took the bike on a trip .
we went out in to nature .
and saw lots of pretty mountains .
oh yeah , and we got engaged .
then we ate dinner .
he told me he had grown up under this mountain , that it was his favorite place on location .
part way up the slope there was a secluded trail that few people knew of , that led to a promontory with a spectacular view .
after a short drive to the trail head , we spent most of the morning working our way up the mountain .
once at the promontory , he talked about our path , our lives , and took my breath away with the view .
and then he took my breath away with a single question . and i could not refuse !
we went on a motorcycle trip up twisted mountain roads .
we could see the snow on the other mountain tops .
the rocks there were covered with snow .
you could see for miles all around .
at the top of the mountain , [male] proposed to me .
[female] and [male] were only a couple hours away from their mountain destination .
[male] was super excited to get to those mountains . he had a special surprise for [female] .
but not until they actually reach the summit of their destination .
what a beautiful view .
and guess what ? she said yes !
the man was excited for his trip to the mountains .
he had decided to propose to his girl friend .
she had no idea what was coming .
when the question was popped , she said yes .
the couple was very happy for each other .
a visit to the wetlands was an exciting day .
there were so many beautiful animals to observe .
the berries are enjoyed by everyone who visits and add a nice touch to the green lands .
the view of the water was breathtaking .
at night , the campfire is warm and useful .
there is so much to enjoy on the camping trip . there is beauty all around , especially the dew on the giant leaves .
there is much to be discovered as well , like this fiery orange lizard .
there are also beautiful , wild berries to admire and pick .
in the evening , a campfire is necessary for warmth and extra fun .
using some of the wild berries found in the forest , one makes a delicious pie to enjoy .
the couple went on a camping trip .
they got to explore in the woods as they saw all kinds of unique creatures .
they came across a bush of red and black berries in which they picked .
after a day of hiking and exploring , they settled in for a night around the fire .
to end the perfect night , they used the berries they picked on their hike to bake a delicious berry pie .
rain drops that keep splashing onto our heads as we hike .
an orange friend appeared from under some crunchy leaves .
wild blackberries fill our stomachs as we finish our hike .
relaxing by a campfire is the perfect way to settle for the evening .
homemade blueberry pie is perhaps the best comfort food you can have a camping trip .
hiking trip through the forest and it had to start raining ...
we discovered this cute little guy before almost stepping on him
natures natural treat
a view of the lake that we swam in .
a hiking trip is not complete without nice fire
this is the story of where when we went to go see the many monuments .
we first saw the baseball player . pretty cool right ?
we then saw [male] revere . look at him go !
this inscription says why he was such an important man .
after a long day of sight seeing we all had dinner together .
the family went on a trip to location .
they started out at location location , where they walked around the facility .
they could n't believe the view of the field !
afterward fenway , they went to check out the location .
at the end of the night , they got dinner and drinks to celebrate their day in location !
going to the ball game today , so we stopped by to say hi to some old friends .
here is a statue of a baseball player giving a boy a base ball
we made it to the city a bit early so we took a walk through the part to look at the monuments .
this one was rather touching for us . with the flag on the top it spoke to us about location .
here we are after the game enjoying some food . boy the food at the game was expensive , so we just got some food after .
since me and my husband are lifelong baseball fans , we decided to take a trip .
we visited the offices of our favourite stadium .
later in the day , we walked inside the stadium .
in the afternoon we enjoyed the historical sights .
in the evening we went to dinner with m brother .
the new owers of the building look over the details
a couple on their trip to location location take a picture by babe [female] 's staue
the happy walks through the park in location location
this monument means means a lot to anyone who lays on it
friends celebrate over [female] 's new promotion at the office .
the first deed of the day was to wrap [female] 's present so that i could give it to her at her birthday lunch !
i met [female] for her birthday at her favorite restaurant . we had a great time .
here is the meal i had . it was delicious !
here is the meal [female] had for her birthday .
the final task for the day was to clean up my kitty . she loved the water !
we were going to give the books away too !
the wrapping was put to use covering every present !
the meal for our reward was a great treat .
the delectable meal was artistically presented as well !
here she is enjoying her special meal at dinner !
there was books to read on the table
and lots of wrapping papers
the food looked great and ready to eat
they were starving and ready to dive in !
finally at last the food was amazing !
my christmas wrapping paper business is really taking off this year
i was able to afford going to an hibachi restaurant
the food i had there was delicious and nutritious
i even brought some home for a second meal
the cat ate the spicy food i brought home and got sick .
tonight was prayer night with the girls .
gift wrapping is done for the day , time to go out and celebrate .
we went out for sushi .
our beautiful sushi rolls .
about to eat the first sushi of the night .
some guys are at comic con enjoying themselves .
they see this model and think its awesome .
but not as awesome as this guy 's costume .
they get the guy to pose with one of their friends .
they go look at another model but are n't impressed .
after years of begging , [male] finally convinced [male] to join him at the local comic and games expo .
after signing in , [male] introduced [male] to his friends [male] and [male] , two avid cosplayers .
the first demonstration the guys went to that morning was on models building for role playing games . [male] enjoyed the attention to detail .
[male] tried hard to understand dungeons and dragons , but even this motley crew of goblins and orcs just could n't make his see the appeal .
ad the end of the day , [male] took [male] into the comics vendor area . [male] spent a lot more money than had intended , but came away with a few mint issues of `` sandman . ''
they met many people at the co-splay event
they played all the games that they like
many people dressed as many different fictional characters at the event
they posed together side by side in their costumes
they played with many different figures and talked about what they like to do
me and my room mate went to a comic con type nerdo convention . i told him i was going to dress in all blue , and then showed up not dressed in blue and tricked him into wearing blue .
it 's not easy wearing a transformer suit in the summer time . hard to properly explain myself in here . i 'm sure my african american friend feels the same .
i had toy boat that i wanted to put on the floor for some reason . then i started saying toy boat over and over again really fast .
the costume party got really weird really quick . i farted hard . really really hard .
the books were all excellent books to read in the rest room . i grabbed a copy of how to for dummies books and b-lined straight for the restroom . i pooped hard . really really hard .
at our local gaming convention , people dressed up as characters .
we set up a variety of games to play
some of the better costumes competed to win an award .
these are the winners !
some people had a boat building contest .
for our vacation this year we chose the mountains .
there are many things to do in nature in the mountains . there are many streams .
you can also find large boulders .
many cave systems exist in this area as well .
some caves are very deep .
it 's a great day for a hike ! just got to make sure everything is properly prepared .
what a huge rock ! nature is so cool .
while walking they find a beautiful waterfall .
the view of the trees is so spectacular as they continue to climb along .
it has been a great day out in nature together .
the cave exploration was exciting .
we were dressed comfortably for the event .
several large rocks were interesting to examine .
inside the cave , the rocks were even more fascinating .
this was one incredible experience !
[male] and [male] started to pack things for their expedition .
as geologists they had a lot of fun studying the land and testing rocks
they even saw a few really neat places on their trip !
some places were absolutely breathtaking and made them happy .
afterwards they all decided they would go camping in the same spot !
sightseeing is always something to behold .
we had to climb some rocks to see the views , but it was well worth it .
we seen some oddly shaped rocks and pondered on them for a short time .
there was a cave there that was very neat to explore and even though we had to climb around we did not let that slow us down .
the view was amazing and one that we will never forget .
as the family poses for a picture at the zoo , the children dream of seeing a panda .
right by the zoo entrance , they make an exciting find : a panda ! although , this one is only a statue .
whoa ! another panda statue ! great , let 's give it a high-five !
but wait , what 's this that the children spy off in the distance ?
it 's a real , live panda ! the children 's search is finally complete !
to top of a great day , we went for a hot air balloon ride .
here is grandma having a wonderful time doing what grandma 's do !
we went to the store and surprise ! a huge panda bear !
giving a high 5 to a panda ? what can beat that ?
how can you not describe this little girl as precious !
yen took his family to the zoo
his kids loved the panda 's
she fave him a high five
they saw other animals as well
yen and the kids had a great time seeing all the animals
my family decided to go to the organization organization one saturday .
we went to see the pandas , who were kept at the zoo .
my daughter high-fived the statue of the panda outside their cage .
the panda was there for us to see , but he was really lazy and was sleeping .
nonetheless , my two sons loved seeing the panda and were really happy !
the family was excited for the day at the zoo .
the family posed for a picture
the kids loved the panda exhibit .
the pandas were sleeping because they were tired .
the kids had a good time at the zoo .
sisterhood is powerful .
it 's selfie time before the party begins .
crazy ladies rock !
friends add spice to life .
good friends stick together .
it was [female] 's 16 birthday and she had a party .
everyone was there , her best friend [female] included .
[female] and [female] were always quite the goofballs .
[female] 's boyfriend surprised her by showing up unannounced !
at the end of the party , [female] 's mom gives her a little peck for a year of good luck .
the gang took a few pictures at the party
they were acting goofy and silly but having a good time
they made faces and played around
they even go camping together always acting goofy
they are the best of friends !
these best friends went out everywhere together .
they 've all been friends since freshman year of high school .
they went to concerts together .
and they even went on camping trips .
they knew that they had eachother and that was really important during high school .
my friends and i decided it was time for a weekend together .
friday night , we decided to go get drinks at one of our favorite bars .
later , we decided to head out to the clubs !
saturday , we went camping and just hung out .
we spent some time in one of the local parks before heading out .
the whole family arrived for the wedding .
the bride and groom were over the moon that day .
the bride groom and their respective parents were nearly brought to tears .
it was great to be back at the old house again .
they ended the day by taking in the scenic views .
our wedding was one of the most special days in our lives .
the whole family gathered together .
the ceremony was beautiful .
afterwards , all the family gathered to meet with us .
and of course , i carried my new wife across the threshold of our new house .
the happy couple decided to get married .
the ceremony was focused on the couple .
they took wedding photos afterward .
all of the guests were at the house for the wedding .
afterwards , they celebrated by camping near a mountain .
[male] and [female] got married today , they had a beautiful ceremony .
the house they bought was really big too .
they read their vows in front of their sisters and brothers .
the part was a lot of fun ! outdoor parties are the best .
this is actually the house they live in . hahaha poor people .
the young couple is marrying on a bright summer day .
their entire family gathers in the neighborhood that they both grew up in .
the service is beautiful and all the guests are very happy .
the reception is a great time to congratulate the new couple .
they look forward to their new life in their brand new blue home .
little drew was dressed up for the halloween party .
[female] holding her little baby adam in his rhino outfit .
[female] holding little baby adam tight for a picture .
little drew was enjoying the halloween party !
little drew was about to drink some of his favorite orange punch !
it is halloween and the little guy makes it to the party .
he is so excited , he ca n't wait for the fun to begin .
he is playing fun games to find the hidden candy .
after the game is over he is happy to get to keep the candy .
the end of a fun filled night ends with a cup of juice .
our little one dressed as a bat for the school 's halloween party !
she was n't so sure about that hood part at first . she kept tugging at it !
she got to help set up the cones for the relay race . she was excited to get the green one !
we took some time to sit down and look through the goodie bags the school provided .
is there a better way to end a party than with a nice cup of orange drink ? what a great day !
for halloween i dressed up as a batman .
mom dressed my sister up as an elephant .
the teachers loved my sisters elephant costume .
i showed my costume to everyone .
i had some cold juice to cool off .
the dad knew she had the cutest costume in the whole school .
she charmed everyone that saw her !
the little girl had fun taking part in the activities set up for the children .
the best part was the candy that was being handed out !
there was even a snack served before they left to go home .
we drove to the event .
it was in an old brick building .
saw some of the other supports .
and got to work on the campaign .
pretty soon the place saw packed .
i always check myself in the mirror to make sure i am looking good to go out .
my friends were able to get good parking while picking me up for out night out .
there were lots of people in line to get registered for the tournament .
everyone gathered around to get their round pairings for the friday night magic tournament .
everyone was excited for the prizes to be handed out to the winners !
it was a beautiful morning , and i was excited to head out and make a difference in the world .
i went to the local school , where voters of the district would soon be arriving .
the turn-out was great , and i was excited to see everyone exercising their right to vote .
all of the volunteers worked so hard all day to get everyone through .
at the end of the day , we were all satisfied with the work we had done .
today is a beautiful day to go for a car ride .
i think i 'll visit some special friends .
i love coming here to visit all these wonderful people .
we have so much fun here .
these are all my special friends . i ca n't wait for you to meet them .
mr. jenkins was having his first student orientation tonight .
he was a little nervous as he watched all the cars arrive .
his classroom filled up quickly , giving him just moments with each set of parents .
they were all so pleasant , and happy to be there .
they gave him their full attention while he talked about the year 's curriculum .
[male] is so glad today is friday and the work week is over .
[female] is enjoying being out on date .
it has been a cold and raining saturday . so nice to be home gazing at the fire .
[female] is trying a piece of chocolate from the box she just purchased .
the midnight movie was great ! have to recommend it to other people .
we had a fun night out last night .
everyone had a great time at during our time out .
the bonfire was majestic and illuminated the entire area !
they had great chocolates here , we enjoyed them greatly .
the lighting fixture was amazing , this is such a great place .
it is my 30th birthday party today .
several of my friend met me at the local pub .
the lighting at this place is amazing .
[female] ate everything on her plate .
it was an awesome night with all of my friends .
the red room party .
everything is red by design .
the fireplace gives it this nice red atmosphere .
look how the background is red .
do you see why it 's called a red room party now ?
[male] sat down to his birthday dinner at the restaurant and grinned
all of his friends were there . even the girl he had asked to come .
they all sat near a fire and told stories afterwards .
the rest of the night was hazy after eating those mushrooms
the night went on , and all i can really remember was a red blur . did something happen ? i wonder..
we were having a surprise party to [female] .
[female] made all of the extra desserts ,
but [female] made the cake .
[female] loved the cake and blew out all the candles in one try .
at the end of the party , [female] said goodbye to everyone after the best birthday party .
some friends gathered for a birthday party .
they all brought food to enjoy together .
after eating , the cake was brought out .
wishes were made and the candles were blown out !
everyone had a great time at the party .
we went to a surprise birthday party and were trying to contain our excitement .
there was a delicious feast prepared .
there was a surprise cake involved as well .
the surprise cake was presented to the birthday girl and she was happy .
this is the man who put it all together . happy birthday !
friends got together to have fun at the birthday party .
a lot of food was there and everyone got stuffed .
the delicious and lit up birthday cake makes its appearance .
she makes her wishes and gives her approval of the cake before blowing out the candles .
the birthday girl posing with her friend and is all smiles at the end of the night .
all the guests had gathered for the man 's birthday party .
there was a huge array of delicious food . there was so much to chose from !
his sister brought out a cake she made . she joked that she could n't get all the candles on the cake .
both the birthday man and his guests approved of the cake .
the guest of honor had a great birthday , and he felt like a kid again wearing his birthday hat .
first vacation in vegas and its time to hit the slots
cant go to vegas with out seeing a show or two . decisions , decision .
everyone on the plane knew how excited i was for my trip
i didnt want to leave towards the end , but there is always next time .
i will you see you later you beautiful sparkling city .
after having a snack , i was quite full and satisfied .
as i was walking , i noticed to screens that seemed interesting , so i had a closer look .
i stopped at the casino before our flight . i was playing slots , hoping to win big
as we waited for our flight , we looked on at the planes on the field .
i was about to listen to some music , before taking off , but all i can seem to fin is my earbuds . i must look around more .
[male] loved slot machines and was always excited to be in location location , even for a few days .
he did n't win very often , but he still had fun .
soon , however , it would be time to get back to work . but since he was a pilot , [male] knew his schedule would soon bring him back to location location .
it was probably for the best , he thought to himself , that he could never stayed that long .
that way , he never lost too much money and always looked forward to returning for more fun .
after snacking on some granola bars , i noticed an invitation to go to a casino !
we booked a flight and went straight there ! it looked like a lot of fun !
i played on the quarter slots for a while !
after a week we went back . i ended up losing 20,000 $ in total
i ca n't even afford real headphones now . but i had fun !
the airline workers stopped at location location after work .
they played games and saw the sights .
the airline workes had a good time that day .
in the evening , the pilot took a picture of his airplane .
the pilot liked the sunset , and took an artistic picture .
the girls were out for an evening with their co-workers .
people from different departments were all there .
the venue had some interesting architecture .
the group reunited after being apart for a while .
there was also music and dancing .
three friends went out to a fun work party .
they danced a lot and had a great time .
they met up with several of their work friends .
there were a lot of people at the party .
they took lots of photos with lots of old friends .
it was friday and tonight we were going to have the best girl 's night out ever . we arrived at the party and it looked amazing with christmas lights all around . we decided to take our first selfie of the night !
shortly afterwards we all hit the dance floor and surrounded this guy like a pack of wild dogs in heat .
he loved our dance moves and pretended that we were famous girls . he insisted that we were from location and he had seen us all on tv before . and then he begged us to take a picture with him .
after the moment with mr. paparazzi , we scouted the room for more interesting people .
there was one guy that looked like an older version of short stop , i had to get a picture with that guy !
[female] and [female] went to the fundraiser together .
[female] and [female] were also there .
there was a silent auction which had pottery displayed .
the after party was wonderful .
we danced and drank way past midnight .
it was time for our high school reunion .
i saw many of my friends there .
some of them i had not seen in many years .
we all had a great time catching up .
we took a lot of pictures that night so we could capture the memories .
[female] had thought about getting her old bike out and going for a ride to the ocean .
she finally decided to get it out and go for it .
[female] fly 's down the road on her bike
[female] takes it easy and she 's almost the ocean .
[female] finally arrives at the ocean and takes it all in .
i got a new bike for my birthday !
i thought it would be nice to try it out with a trip through wine country .
i rode up to the location location winery .
afterwards , i took a gentle ride toward the ocean
where i stopped to enjoy the seaside view .
she decided to take her bike and go for a scenic ride .
she rode down a rode along side a pretty open field .
she stopped for a break at a winery .
she proceeded on her return route home .
she made it back to the pier and is resting .
this is the beginning of my dream bike trip .
i started by touring the vineyards of wine country .
a quick stop for a picture at my favorite winery .
day 3 took me through the hills and towards the ocea .
my trip ended at the end of the wooden pier where i first saw the ocean .
had to get the bike in 100 % condition for the trip . here it is at home , ready to go .
i had to ride through town to meet up and head out on our bicycle journey .
here we are on the road , it 's sinking in now .
it 's a long but enjoyable trip . we had a good time and a great work out . it felt amazing .
finally , we arrive at the docks and the winery . what a perfect way to relax after the ride .
i really love snowboarding .
i ca n't wait to start !
had to grab a bite to eat .
and we had to get warmed up .
we did it all day long !
the kids enjoyed sledding down the snowy hill
the family ate at organization and ordered fries , mcnuggets and burgers .
the woman did a small dance in front of the window and couch .
the mom and daughter bundled up and posed for a picture in the house .
the kids had built a snowman in the snow in front of the house
i woke up and decided it was time to get the sled out .
we played in the snow all day and had a blast .
we took a break to warm up and have a quick dinner .
my cousin decided to bundle up and join in the fun afterwards .
there 's nothing like a little night sledding with family .
[female] went sledding in the snow yesterday .
[female] had fun riding on her sled .
when she got cold , [female] went inside to have some organization food .
[female] and her friend bundled back up to go outside .
[female] continued her sled ride in snow and the dark night .
i just got a new purple sled and am going to use it for the first time .
this is the first time i 've been to the snow this season and i 'm having a really good time .
all that exercise in the cold made us hungry , so we got something to re-fuel .
we 've put on warmer clothes to go out sledding some more .
it 's snowing right now ! it 's night , and it 's colder , but it is so beautiful and enjoyable right now .
getting around in an unfamilar city is always challenging .
i make it to my destination .
exploring the city is fun .
there are many sights to see .
this tourist is happy and ready to go home and start again tomorrow .
[female] and [male] decided to spend the day pretending to be tourists in their own city . they started the day with an historic sight-seeing tour .
[male] decided to keep up the game on the bus , taking pictures of [female] on the tour bus .
later in the day , though , [female] got her revenge on [male] by taking pictures of him in their living room when he went home to grab another camera .
after stopping at the apartment , [female] and [male] decided to visit some downtown shops .
with their shopping complete , [female] and [male] took the bus home , having gained a new appreciation for their home .
on our first day , the train station was strangely empty .
in the streets , people with black coats avoided our gaze
all the yards in town were like tiny prisons for fallen leaves .
even this statue seemed depressed .
life 's hard when you 're a cave troll .
it was both of our first times going on a subway train . neither of us have been underground like that before .
the beautiful architecture of the city was a sight to behold . the greenery on this building stood out against all of the gray .
this green park was lovely to take a walk through . there was a gazebo that we stopped to take a rest at .
we found this statue of sherlock and i thought it would be a great signifier of our trip .
here i am on the double decker bus . it was a little too cold to go to the top part , but it was still fun nonetheless .
in my visit to the city , i rode on this subway .
it was a bit chilly outside , so everyone i saw was wearing warm clothing .
i walked by a green park that was very pretty .
this was a cool statue that i saw .
i met a friend on my way back on the subway .
this is [male] , he is a developer for a gaming company .
this is ayesha , she lives in the same neighborhood as [male] .
by chance [male] and ayesha meet on a bus .
they decide to start dating , things go really well .
they eventually get married and have a child together .
i am waiting to meet my blind date .
he shows up and we get along great !
first we visit the park , it 's beautiful .
then we go and have lunch on the pier .
we end the day at the museum , we make plans to see each other next week .
this morning i was waiting for my sister to meet me to go on a trip .
when she met me we were ready to go .
we went on a long bus ride on the sunny day .
when we got to the hotel , we had a party with balloons .
my niece , sister and i had a wonderful time .
before leaving the mall , we stopped in a cafe for a quick bite to eat .
the food was delicious but what meal is complete without a few selfies ? now it 's my turn . cheese !
early the next morning , we boarded the bus on our way to my niece 's birthday party . i hope she enjoys the gifts we have selected for her !
finally here ! hubby and i posing with a balloon sponge [male] , one of baby 's favorite characters !
here she is ! the birthday girl ! she had a blast at her first birthday , it 's hard to believe she 's already one ! time has flown , soon she will be taking trips to come visit us !
i enjoyed seeing all of the outdoor sights .
we were able to see the river up close .
it was nice to find areas to sit and take in the surroundings .
the skyline was a great backdrop for a picture together .
we thought this was a great place for a quick photo op .
the mother was dropping off her 3 children for a new day at school .
the plants at the schoolyard were all in full bloom .
the mother points to the teachers in the class .
outside of the schoolhouse the mother says goodbye to her kids ,
the kids all play outside during their recess .
a visit to an african village was an educational experience .
the grounds were beautiful to take in .
the villagers played music and entertained us .
the children go home to simple but happy homes .
they work hard during the school day before returning to the village .
we have had a lovely year so far .
the rainy season has been mild , but sufficient . crops are prospering .
my students have been excelling in their studies , especially mathematics .
i really love living here .
the children love it too .
group photo
this is our crops .
this is our classroom .
this is our house .
here is our village
the school children were excited for a day of learning .
they went on a hike as part of their physical education .
back in the classroom they learned about stories .
the teacher was really proud of her school .
the kids played outside during recess .
after watching mr. and mrs. smith , [male] and [female] decide to do a little role playing .
first , they do a little bit of warming up , since they 've never been spies before .
`` working with guns can be fun , '' they tell each other , smiling wickedly .
`` hold it right there ma'am , i 've got you where i want you , '' says [male] with glee .
`` not so fast , mister , the lady 's got you beat this time , '' [female] retorts , and she 's right , of course .
[male] and beth recreate their favorite movie .
the bandages look so real on their faces .
they start making the movie and act like they are drinking .
there is an explosion in the background .
at the end they both end up pointing guns at each other like in the movie .
`` mr. & mrs '' is a low-budget recreation of the popular american blockbuster `` mr. & mrs. smith ''
an actor and actress reinact the fight scenes in the movie .
the movie uses a green screen to save money on effects like explosions .
this knock-off movie recreates memorable scenes from the original movie .
and the movie has a similar ending to the original .
our imitation of mr and mrs smith
we got a little angry and decided to kick box
cool guys always walk away fro explosions without looks back
i got a nice view from this spot and decided not to shoot
maybe i should have shot
[female] and [male] both loved to watch mr and mrs smith .
so one day they got dressed up as the characters and decided to act it out .
they pretended they were part of the scenes in the movie .
and ultimately [female] was able to get [male] on the ground , ready for the kill
she got him ! and [male] was down .
my best friends and i decided to go out tonight .
my friend picked us up in his car .
we went sightseeing around the city .
afterwards , we got hungry , so we went to eat dinner .
to end the night , we went out for a couple of drinks !
some friends prepared for a night on the town .
they started out with some drinks at a restaurant .
they also enjoyed a hearty meal .
after that they went out to party at the club .
they headed home in the dark , after another fun night .
the friends were in a new city so they decided to go out .
they drove around to see some of the shops and streets .
they came to a brightly lite club and decided to stop .
in the club , they had some food and drinks .
one of the last drinks was vodka with glasses on ice .
three young men got together for a fun guy 's night on the town .
they rented a fancy car to drive around the city .
first , they headed downtown to check out the sights and sounds of the big city .
then they went to a restaurant and met up with some of their other friends .
they finished off the night by ordering drinks .
meeting up with friends for dinner
our new ride
the interesting billboards they had in the town center
some of the best fish that i have ever had .
always need a nice drink to wash down the fish
time for our st. patricks day annual party !
with traditional st. [female] day food ! yummm
my girlfriend did have a good time , even though she does n't look like it here .
after dinner , we all vegged out on the couch and played games .
it was a good time had by all ... even with a leprechaun !
a party is n't a party without amazing food .
a party also is n't a party without plenty to drink .
everyone is having such a great time at the party .
after dinner , the gang is sitting on the sofa to watch the game .
after the game is over , everyone gathers outside for more fun .
can you guess what day it is ?
how about some hint ?
can you guess it now ?
that 's right ! it 's st. [female] 's day .
everybody smile .
our favorite holiday has arrived-st. pattys day .
here is our traditional meal on st. pattys day . yum .
here is me and my sister after eating all that food .
now we all get to relax because we are getting ready to go out .
now it 's our turn to go out and do a little partying !
the st. [male] 's day feast was delicious and very traditional .
there was also the traditional beverage of beer .
the men had a good time celebrating their heritage .
everyone was sporting a tall green hat .
the family carried the party on outside and had a great night .
i had finally made it to location ! i had been looking forward to this trip for years .
i am a huge fan of their unique architecture and delicious sushi .
i wanted the full sushi experience . so , i first visited a fish market .
they had huge , fresh tuna fish all caught that morning .
i could n't wait to get my hands on some authentic , japanese sushi . my dream come true !
it was my second time in location and i was so excited to be back
i couldnt wait to eat all the delicious sushi the country is known for
i made a quick stop at one of my favorite restaurants
and the next day we went to the fish market to see where it all came from
it was extremely busy at the market . everyone was shouting and bumping into each other
she arrived for her trip to japan
she visited many ancient places
she arrived at the sushi restaurant were they sell raw fish
she was ready to take in some yummy food
her food was a plate of perfection to her
my first day in location .
this country is beautiful .
omg sushi ! !
that 's a big sushi roll .
that 's much better .
i finally decided to stop putting it off and visiting the lovely country of location .
i 've always wanted to visit location and see all the unique things that it has to offer .
the fish market here is quite industrious .
after seeing ( and smelling ) all these fish being handled , i decided to enjoy fish in an entirely different way .
if you ever enjoy the opportunity to visit location , a chance at enjoying sushi should n't be turned down .
we really enjoyed our trip to location location with our baby .
the first thing we wanted to see was the location location .
we visited the location location at sunset .
my favorite site was the location location .
we plan to come back for another visit when the baby is older and can appreciate all of the history here .
we 're all ready to go explore location , location !
we got very lucky : the sun was shining despite the cold .
the location monument looked much more impressive that what a picture could capture .
the mall stretches for miles and was very busy , even this time of the year .
no matter how hard we tried , we could n't figure out the hidden face at the location location .
a husband and wife were excited for the first trip to location to see all the capital sites .
the very first place they visited was the location location , but they were no tours available .
since there were no tours they decided to go see the location monument , and were amazed at how tall it was .
they were surprised that they could still see the location location from there spot near the location location .
they finished their day of touring by stopping to see the old organization monument .
[male] first trip to location location .
picture of the organization organization .
mom and dad picture in front of the location monument .
picture of organization organization statue .
mom , dad , and baby family picture .
the family decided to take an unconventional family trip to location location , so they strapped their son in his stroller , and headed off to the nation 's landmarks .
the family went to several important monuments and tourist attractions in the nation 's capital .
mom and dad decided to pose for a picture in front of the location monument .
organization organization was one of their favorite spots to visit .
they had a great day visiting the historical places .
we took a bus to visit grandmother at her home across the state .
when we arrived , she was in the middle of working on this , but stopped immediately when she saw we arrived .
it 's always nice to see percy and dougie at grandmother 's house .
grandmother has a great lakeside view , which is great for the kids to play and swim in .
being on the west coast , grandmother has a great sunset view . we really enjoy visiting grandmother .
we went to visit grandma . these are her dogs !
working on the house a little bit .
sushi for dinner !
after dinner , we walked to the beach , and saw the pelicans .
sunset at the beach .
a bus on the road to somewhere special .
a sewing set to do on the road .
two dogs that are apart of the family .
a beach with four birds in the water .
a beautiful way to end the first day at the beach .
hey spike look at the camera , dont be shy .
mom is doing a paint job at the garage .
yummy ! i want those every week . honey can i have all of them ?
while walking down the beach , saw these birds looking for a fish .
then have view before going back home . what a nice way to end the day .
it is time for us to go camping .
while we ride i find crafts to work on .
the animals enjoy going camping to because they like new adventures .
we got to see these awesome creatures today while driving .
when you are out camping there is always something to see , like this sunset .
mom and the boys were ready for the big day out .
[male] posed with his favorite friend , the bear .
he had a messy time with his corndog at lunch !
[male] had a great time driving go-karts .
they ended the night with a light show .
it was time to take the kids to organization .
they met lots of neat characters .
ate lots of good food .
saw the matterhorn .
and had lots of fun .
mom was so excited to spend the day with her kids !
there were fun characters to take pictures with !
the younger son especially enjoyed the delicious treats available .
while the oldest enjoy go-kart racing .
at the end of the day there was an incredible performance .
first trip to location and we 're all excited .
[male] making a new furry friend .
followed by a delicious treat for lunch .
[male] taking the wheel on the racetrack .
the day ended with fireworks and laser light spectacular .
the mom decided to surprise her boys with a trip to the amusement park .
while there , the younger brother loved giving his friend , the bear , a kiss on the nose .
he also ate a delicious corndog !
the older brother 's favorite part was racing the go kart .
they both got light up toys as souvenirs .
having moved from an apartment to a house , he is really enjoying his backyard .
his parents bought him a new swing set so he spends most of his time outside swinging .
his sister plans on being an archaeologist so she spends her days in their new backyard looking for ancient relics .
when she 's not finding buried treasure , she spends time with the family dog .
and the family dog loves the new backyard too . he can be found most days playing with his favorite ball .
this was the day we 'd been waiting for . we were going to be getting our new dog ! the adoption agency dropped him off with us .
it was time for him to get used to his new backyard . it 's a rather large backyard perfect for our new puppy .
as you can see our backyard has a swing set that my brother loves to play on . he hopes that our new dog will learn to love playing on the swing set .
my brother 's favorite activity on the swing set is simply swinging on the swing .
our new puppy loves the swing set ! after getting used to me hugging him we were able to go for a short swing . he loves his new backyard and loves his new family !
it is a nice summer day to play outside .
the kids love the outdoors , and playing on their swingset .
my daughter loves to dig in the dirt ,
puppy love ! she loves her fluffy .
now to wrap up the day with a game of catch .
the kids enjoy playing on their new swing set .
he spent a lot of time on the swing .
she enjoyed digging into the ground .
the dog enjoys the swing set as well .
everyone had a great time . the dog even got some fetch time in .
the children went outside to play .
the boy jumped on the swing first .
the little girl started digging in the dirt .
she then got on the swing with the dog .
the dog jumped down to play fetch .
climbing this mountain made my legs feel like jelly .
but it was worth it to see this amazing water fall pour before me .
at the top i got to contemplate a lot .
and was treated to a warm bath which made me feel alright .
to wrap things up had a great sea food dinner with friends .
a mother and daughter went for a hike in the woods .
they discovered a beautiful waterfall !
it was a very hot day for a hike .
they decided to cool off in the water near the dam .
afterwards they enjoyed a delicious meal together .
two women arrive at the nature preserve for an outdoor experience .
one woman poses for a picture at the waterfall .
she later enjoys a picturesque view from the top of the hill .
after the sightseeing adventure , it was time to clean up .
the evening wrapped up with a peaceful dinner at a restaurant .
the sister race down the steep steps to begin their scenic tour .
the older sister poses , smiling by the rushing waterfall .
the older sister watches in tranquility as she reflects the day .
the younger sister chooses to relax in a warm traditional asian bath .
the two sisters happily end their day by partaking in a full asian dinner .
i was visiting my friend 's place up in the mountains .
there was a nearby waterfall so we went to take a look .
the view from the porch was amazing .
after a long day i had a nice soak in the tub .
we finished the day with some amazing food .
here are two of our guys taking a photograph after dinner .
here are the three men who are like brothers .
this is the big event , location !
here she is ready to run the race !
there is my man with his race bib on and ready to go !
today was the day for the marathon !
i 'm ready to go .
everyone was very excited .
it was quite the face , and everyone was tired .
we had a great dinner afterwards .
the family went to a fun run today .
mom was all set to run in the event .
dad was all decked out to participate as well .
after the run , dad and his friends ate and drank plenty of water .
dad and his friends had a good time talking about the run .
today was the day of the benefit race .
there were many people there and they were all ready for the day to begin .
this was the start / finish line .
we had to make a quick bathroom break before the activities started .
we are all ready to begin the race to see who comes in first place .
there is a run today .
i went and saw a friend .
i saw another friend during the event .
we all met up after for dinner .
we had a great time and were all happy .
it 's a good day for a race !
time to make sure this race car is all ready to go .
the driver looks excited . he has high hopes of winning today .
the race is about to start !
during the race , things look tough with a car in front and behind the yellow car . [male] the driver pull through ?
the yellow whisper crept up behind the throng of cars ahead of him . he wanted his driver to push on the gas a little harder , but he could n't exactly tell him that .
with a little cough , the yellow whisper lurched forward , overtaking several cars . his driver , confused by this slammed on his breaks . `` i do n't think so , '' yellow thought , overriding the break system and slamming the gas instead . he was tired of always losing .
it was time to take matters into his own hands . he passed another car , and another . he was in second place , it was going to happen ! he was finally going to win ! so what if he had to cheat to do it .
`` first place , '' he thought excitedly . `` here we go ! '' he felt his tires cross the thin white line , and knew the moment had come at last . he was going to be the most celebrated car at the shop tonight . `` maybe pretty in pink will talk to me , '' he thought , his high beams accidentally flashing the crowd .
[male] climbed from his car , shaking from head to foot . he turned and saw the camera in his face . `` how does it feel to have won your first race ? '' the reporter asked . [male] laughed maniacally , giving her a thumbs up .
this was out first time close to an garage at a race .
seeing under the hood of a race care was amazing .
he was out favorite racer , he were cheering for him hard .
his car looked beautiful from the side .
he was in second place to start , we knew he would win though .
today marks the day for the annual 500 location at the location location in location .
the yellow car is behind two other cars and is trying to make a quick comeback .
the yellow car makes a swift right turn and passes up one of the leading car ahead .
after the swift turn the yellow car manages to pull out as the first runner up to win the race .
the driver of the yellow car happily takes a picture with the camera crew to celebrate his win .
[male] arrives at the race .
[male] takes a picture of his race car .
[male] is all smiles as he is about to race his car .
[male] gets in his car and starts his engine to get ready for the race .
the race is underway and [male] is giving it his all .
we finally arrived after a long drive .
the boy did some dancing on the way .
as well as some spinning on the pole .
we saw some beautiful plans .
and an artists did a caricature of us before we left .
here we are on vacation in location .
look ! i found a pole !
this is me and my dad .
ai n't i cute ?
we got to catch a baseball game too !
they were going to disney for a vacation
her son loved the shadows on the ground
he played on the poles at disney
she took some beautiful shots at the scenery
they got the artists to draw them
the little boy is trying to catch up to his dad at the ballpark .
he 's been waiting all week to go with his brother and dad !
his brother is n't old enough yet but he will show him how to throw a baseball when he 's bigger .
the little brother is enjoying every minute with his family .
this is a future professional baseball player !
the family went on a trip to the park .
the boy was excited because it was his favorite park .
he was playing the whole time there .
they had beautiful trees at the park .
there was also a cartoonist at the park .
a family fun day at the glenlivet .
mom and jack explored ruins .
the youngest enjoyed hiking the trails .
there was fun to be had at the river
the best part of the dy was riding horses .
mother and daughter both enjoyed seeing the old architecture .
we stopped off at the glenlivet .
both daughters loved the great view .
they both got their own horses for the ride .
the trip ended with a visit to a historic cemetery .
the family decided to visit glenlivet .
the family enjoyed their visit !
they even decided to visit the beautiful country side for the wonderful views .
then they went to see the beautiful river .
lastly , the kids even got to ride ponies like they always wanted to !
a sunny day in location began at the glenlivet factory .
we then set out to see some gaelic ruins .
and the kids stood in awe of the beautiful highland views .
even more beautiful views along the nearby streams .
the day ended with a family horseback outing .
this is the place that the family went to during summer .
lovely picture of mom and daughter .
two sisters enjoying each other .
this is where they had fun the most .
rode the horses before heading home .
this young couple decided to go explore the desert .
along their journey , they found what appeared to be some hidden ruins .
they also found a great dried set of antlers . those would be a great reminder of their trip .
it was amazing how the terrain could be so dry , yet , still contain a stream .
the area is vast and beautiful and brings peace and comfort .
the two went hiking around the desert for the first time .
they saw many things , such as the rock that looked like a table on the mountain range .
one of the most interesting things that they saw was an animal 's skull with the antlers still intact .
the two people walked around more and found out that there was n't really much to see on this hike .
this view of the hike that they took made it look like they were on another planet because of how barren and open the area is .
my boyfriend and i visited the desert . here we are .
we walked along this path for a few miles .
we came across this old beautiful skull and could n't help but admire it .
it appears there may have been water here at some point but it 's now dried up .
this trip was full of hiking and fun .
we decided to take a trip to the canyons .
this was our first time going out here .
we saw many interesting things along the way , and many animal bones !
the canyons were also very deep .
it was the perfect day for a trip like this .
couple taking picture in front of rocks .
[male] landscape .
picture of an animal skull .
picture of landscape .
beautiful blue sky , and deserted landscape .
we attended a rally to stop hate violence
there were a lot of people there
we met a very cool couple along the way
we marched all the way to the capital building
we had our picture taken after it was all over .
we went to the marriage equality rally in location last weekend to support uncle [male] and uncle [male] .
one of the first signs we saw that day was one of the best . the energy level was so high , and you could feel the love in the crowd .
one group gave a brief talk about the treatment of homosexuals by the [male] faith . it was extremely touching .
later in the afternoon , we saw another sign reminding us of the loving v. location case .
i nearly cried when talking to [male] and [male] . despite being in a committed relationship for 37 years , they still have n't been able to marry in their home state .
a group of us marched on location for marriage equality , with a sign to stop church violence against gays .
the parade was huge as we marched toward the capitol .
one sign that left an impression on us was that interracial marriage was once illegal too .
we stopped in front of the location building .
afterward , we posed with our sign , hoping that marriage equality would soon be a reality .
hi , this is [female] sanchez , reporting live at the equal marriage rally parade .
the streets are crowded toady with those who want equal marriage rights .
and some people are here reminding us what was once illegal but now is commonplace .
the marchers will walk past the capital building and around the square .
many here have walked before .
the protester march for gay rights . they hold the sign with so much pride
over 30 , 000 people gather together in location to fight for gay rights
this couple stand strong . if their marriage was legal , so should gay marriage
the crowd roars in location at the protest for gay marriage .
this happy couple syand behind their belief , and show how long they have been together .
the family finally got to visit the haunted house .
everyone took a turn being wonder woman this halloween !
the kids got to meet their heroes , superman and batman .
the fairgrounds were alive with spooky costumes .
the jack-o-lantern competition had some very impressive contestants .
it was [female] 's first halloween on the town .
the family saw some interestingly designed pumpkins on their walk .
[male] decided to be a superhero tonight !
dad on the otherhand ... .
it seems like [female] had a great time !
i took my family to a holiday carnival at halloween .
i clowned around getting my picture taken with a painted wooden model .
my daughter posed with people in superhero costumes .
we walked through a costume carnival and saw all the people .
we finished the night by looking at awesomely carved pumpkins .
the family went to a halloween party .
the father took a picture at a cardboard cutout .
they saw a group of people dressed as super heroes .
they went to a dance while they were there .
they saw fancy jack-o-lanterns when they left .
the family was very excited for the upcoming halloween celebrations .
the dad decided to be silly and dress up as wonder woman .
there were other superheroes like batman and superman .
there were a lot of cool and scary decorations along the street .
some pumpkins were beautifully carved and displayed classic characters .
the guy i met on craiglist seemed just fine to me , even with his long sleeved flannel shirt in the middle of [female] .
we walked among the trees , which were already getting ready for fall .
down deep into the woods , where no one could see us .
the last thing we saw together was a beautiful mountain .
i decided to stay here and fertilize the trees with my body .
the family went out for a hike .
[male] was excited because it was his first time there .
there was large trees and empty fields .
the leaves were changing color as winter was approaching .
the family hikes into the forest .
i loved when we would visit my aunt in the woods .
my girlfriend had never been hiking before so she was nervous .
the trees in the woods were so beautiful .
we walked right under these leaves that were a beautiful shade of yellow .
i stuck behind to take the photos , this ridge was really cool to see like this .
the family went on a trip to the national park today .
at first the son was reluctant to go .
however as they went along he saw the beauty of it .
the weather was beautiful and the park was filled with colorful trees .
as they finished their trip , they were happy that they spent some time within nature .
it was almost time to start our hike through the woods .
the view was amazing . seeing all the colors was truly an experience .
the trees seemed to be in a straight row .
there were many interesting things to see as we made our way through the woods .
once we found a big enough opening it was time for a little break .
[female] for the girls yellow team drives to the basket to score .
[female] goes for the layup to give her team the lead .
anxious father 's look on as their daughter 's compete in the finals .
coach for location celebrates his team 's victory .
the location coach is thankful for the victory for his team .
[female] looked toward the basket on the far end of the court , wondering if she could make it .
as she was thinking location stole the ball from her .
[male] watched in disinterested disbelief .
the coach began to scream for his team to intercept .
one of [female] 's teammates moved to block [female] after location passed her the ball .
we went to the basketball game today .
we cheered as number 3 made a basket right before the buzzer .
this guy did n't quite seem to believe what happened .
the coach was yelling the loudest .
when he held the game ball , he was overwhelmed .
the basketball game between location and organization had been anticipated all year .
location came out of the gate strong and took and early advantage .
the organization fans were extremely nervous .
after some key coaching moves , organization made a run for the game .
however location was strong and held on to the title .
we did really well with our spacing in the game and finding the open player .
our help side defense was excellent , as displayed here .
the fans of the other team were disappointed with the play of his favorite team .
our head coach was as in to the game as he has ever been .
we played great defense on the post , preventing the other team from getting easy baskets .
we finally made it to location !
as soon as we got to location , we parked the car at a nearby park and started walking .
our walk took us to a bridge over a small creek .
beyond the bridge was a long narrow path leading to who-knows-where .
all along the path there was a giant field riddles with all sorts of animals grazing .
[male] arrives at his hometown .
[male] traveling on his way to another town .
[male] has arrived in the other town .
he decides to go into this building for directions .
[male] heading to his destination .
today , we took the train to a random station to see what kind of adventures we could find .
it turns out , it was a pretty rural area , but it sure was pretty .
we came to one little town , and we had fun driving around it for a bit .
then , we went back to another station , but it turned out it was empty .
so we started our long drive back to where we came from .
i decided to take a passenger train into the city for my weekend trip .
we stopped for a while out in the middle of nowhere -- actually it was symerton -- but it looked like the middle of nowhere !
the symerton sign- if it was n't there , you 'd have no idea people lived around there !
the location station which is confusing because it 's actually not in the city .
while i was waiting for my next mode of transportation to arrive , i wandered around ... and even though i was close to the city , it sure did n't look like it !
the bikers arrived in the town of location .
they got their bikes ready for a long ride .
first they crossed a railroad trestle .
they watched the long road spanning ahead of them .
their only company on the ride was cows grazing in the nearby fields .
we finally get to visit with family .
mothers everywhere always try to feed you .
the city is very lovely and picturesque .
we arrive during the time of festival .
we have become so close in a short amount of time .
access to the temple was very busy as people were walking up an down the main access .
monks apprentices are very attentive to their surroundings .
a street vendor passed us and barely noticed us .
people are all very friendly and open-minded .
the traditional food was the healthiest we have ever had .
we visited my parents in location a little awhile ago .
we had great home cooked food .
i remember walking around in the town checking out all the unique architecture .
some shops even sold all these colorful items .
at the end of the trip , my parents here took us to the airport .
the family all stood , waiting for their food at the restaurant .
the food was delivered and looked delicious !
the town was bustling with activity . there was a smell of ginger in the air .
the stores all had amazing looking decorations up . the family stood in awe .
grandma , however was still hungry . so back to the restaurant they went !
family portrait with mom , dad , grandmother , aunt , and daughter .
authentic family meal .
visiting the town and seeing the temple .
this is a picture the temple and beautiful ornaments that are being sold .
picture with grand aunt , mother and cousin .
a grandpa and his two grandkids are out camping and start making a fire .
then , the grandpa starts cooking hotdogs on the fire .
the family saw many animals during their trip , including kangaroos .
after the fire was started good , the grandson roasted some marshmallows on it .
before they left , the grandpa found a nice little swimming pond for the kids .
our little guy is ready to try out the marshmellows !
he knows how to rough it now !
here the big animal observed our camp site !
our little girl is being silly as usual and is the light of our life .
here the family prepares for dinner at the camp site .
mom , dad and little [male] getting the fire started . night one at the camp site .
grandpa [male] turning the hot dogs . low flame he says , dinner will be ready in an hour .
the wildlife was amazing . [male] tried to pet one and it jumped and ran away .
hot marshmallows , fun to eat . we later made smores . they were yummy .
last day of our trip , grandpa teaching little [male] some swimming tricks .
we took the kids camping last weekend .
we put some brats on the grill and drank some beers .
we were able to watch kangaroos from our campsite .
after dinner , the kids roasted marshmallows on the fire .
we spent the last part of the afternoon swimming in the water !
the family is camping in location .
they cook dinner over the fire .
they see kangaroos .
they also take time for s'mores .
when it gets too hot they take a swim in the cool water .
today is a day for skiing if we can just dig out the car .
finally on the road and head for the slopes .
just ahead are the lift . i cant wait to get on .
mountain here i come !
that was quite a run . it is time to refuel so i can hit the slopes again .
long journey ahead .
cleaning snow off the windshield .
ready to get back to skiing .
snow angels
break time for a snack
before we left for our vacation we had to scrape off the snow covered car .
then we headed out to the ski resort .
we caught a ski lift
and skid toward a road .
after we spent some time skiing we relaxed with some snacks .
after a huge storm hit the area , [male] miller decided that this might be the perfect time to hit the slopes - once he scraped the snow off his car .
living in location made it easy for [male] to go skiing whenever he wanted , and it was a rather short car ride to a popular ski resort .
there 's nothing like that first run of the day to get your blood pumping .
after a long day of skiing , [male] heads to the lodge for a hot drink .
on the way to the lodge [male] spots his friend , [male] , with a mysterious looking container filled with assorted candy , as he chuckles to himself , `` to each his own , i guess . ''
the boys had decided to go skiing but first they had to clean off the car .
they drove on the long road leading up to their destination .
when they got there , the slopes were crowded .
one of the boys slipped and fell while carrying his skis over to the lodge .
skiing was tiring but they brought some candy with them for energy .
our first stop on vacation presented a friendly welcome for us .
we then made sure to grab a bite to eat at a local bakery to settle our sweet tooth .
the sun began to set on our first day , but with such a beautiful view , we could n't pass up the opportunity to take a picture .
our first stop in the morning allowed for us to really get up close and personal with history .
our final stop was such a beautiful site . it was such a lovely way to end our vacation .
to start our day tour of location , we had to get a great breakfast to boost our energy .
the architecture was simply unbelievable . every single building was like this .
the castles were remarkable . it really made you think how these were made .
it rained for a brief bit , but that was fine because of all the great things .
the sky even gave us a gorgeous show as our day tour ended .
a beautiful bird was sitting on the ledge
this is a piece of freshly made pie
a beautiful sunset in ancient city
a picture of an old ancient church
a beautiful stone building in ancient city
the bird mad me uneasy as i sat at the restaurant .
i ate my pie diligently so i could leave
nightfall was upon me , i needed to get indoors .
perhaps the church would provide solace from the terrors of dark .
morning has come . another night successfully survived .
seagull about to take flight .
about to eat breakfast before visiting the temple .
looking at the temple from afar .
beautiful temple door , and beautiful statues .
details of the temples tower .
the morning started with the kids wanting to make kool-aid .
after the kool-aid , playdough was a must , before going outside .
we found out that it had snowed over 2 feet last night !
it was necessary for us to start shoveling snow to get to the driveway !
finally , when we were having people over , we had finished the shoveling .
it was a very snowy day out , and dad told the kids that if they shoveled the driveway , they could make play-dough
the kids were excited , so they put in a lot of effort to clear the driveway .
after that , they went inside and dad and mom began to mix the ingredients for the play-dough together .
mom did most of the work and stirred everything up until it was all gooey .
we took the mixture out and let it dry on a plate , then it was ready to be played with !
it snowed overnight so there was a lot of snow to shovel this morning .
it took about an hour to complete the job .
after shoveling i went inside to find this .
it is kool aid and some other things mixed into a pan .
after it was completed i did not know if i wanted to play with it or eat it .
we had started making a weird concoction made out of kool aid .
it was interesting because eventually the kool aid started forming into shapes
unfortunately overnight the organization organization turned white and shaped over the entire city .
people were angry at the kool aid being all over the place .
even schools had to be cancelled for the day from the disaster .
snowed in again . no way to get the car out of the driveway today .
my neighbor did a good job on their driveway but i think they had some help .
what 's a mother to do to on a snowed in day to keep all the kids happy so they do n't fight . i got a bright idea .
clicked on 'youtube ' and found the recipe for homemade play dough . i have some green kool aid in the cabinets so green it will be .
came out pretty good . looks good enough to eat so now i have to make sure that they play with it and do n't eat it .
we love to party !
i really liked the decor .
we had a blast !
i love taking photos .
we needed to relax afterwards
today was a bog night for me and my friends .
we went to the local club to dance .
here is me and my girlfriend hugging on the dance floor !
then everyone joining in the fun and we all danced together .
thanks [female] for taking all of the pictures !
went to the club and had a good time with all my friends !
this is [male] , he 's the clown in the group .
we are having a blast !
smile everyone !
yes , i 'm in the queen 's chair . that 's me !
we were sure to have fun at the club tonight .
there was plenty of people there and loud music .
we got to dance with other people some which we did not know .
everyone was having a great time dancing and singing .
we had to be sure to get plenty of pictures so we could remember the good times .
at the party , everyone had so much fun . even { girl 's name } had her best moves going .
{ [male] 's name } looked so dapper ... when was the last time you saw hime in a tie ?
the dance moves were crazy , but nobody sat ...
the only person not dancing , was { girl 's name } who made herself the official photographer .
then again , leter that night , { girl 's name } could n't barely move .
it 's parents day at the school our children attend .
the kids are excited waiting for us to enter .
we come in and they look hard at work , an a+ for this school .
after study they competed in field day for rewards .
[female] received a medal for her performance .
today was a great day at school ! we started out at our desks , ready to learn .
later , we got to spend time answering questions for the teacher . i raised my hand a lot , because i did all of my homework .
in the afternoon , we took a field trip to the nearby park . we saw turtles soaking up the sun !
finally , we got to have a little recess time , and we all played games together .
after school , i showed my parents my pin that i got for being a good student . they were very proud of me !
here , us parents chat and become friends , just like the kids !
the children are great listeners !
everyone is having fun in the learning environment .
the little ones enjoy their recess as they play outdoors .
here is my special girl with a special button !
the kids all wanted to go to storytime , but they were n't done with their work yet .
we inspired them to do their work and gave them storytime . but also promised other trips !
the kids absolutely loved the animals !
they also got to play around in the park for a little while which was fun !
they had to wear school buttons though so we could identify them . otherwise it was a great day !
the parents where preparing for the big event .
the school 's principal talked to the children about different activities .
the primary school students are paying attention to the school 's principal .
the children had sports activities that day .
the principal gave a star to the most active student .
here we are in the visitor center , the family decided to take a hike and have some fun camping .
this is me taking the trail without my bike , i 'm going on a hike .
i see a sign where i can find alot of neat things .
here 's a sign . i 'm headed to location .
i 'm tired . several miles later and i 'm still walking .
every summer , [female] and her father [male] take a long camping trip in location .
despite coming every year , [female] always has to re-familiarize herself with the park 's layout . she 's not great with directions
after getting their bearings , [male] and [female] headed down to the creek . their intention was to follow it to the lake .
after hiking down to the location , [male] took a picture of [female] enjoying the serene view .
[male] and [female] wrapped up their first night at location with an informative presentation on wildlife conservation .
they decided to check out the visitors center before the hike
the proceeded to the hiking trails
she was trying to figure out which trail she wanted to go on
she finally arrived at location park
many different people love to go hiking on trails .
we arrived to the visitor center . i had to poop really hard .
my wife went off to read the story about how others use to come here and poop in the past . i think they were wizards .
in the forest i asked if you ever had that not so fresh feeling . i felt that way at this moment . not so fresh . good thing i had a bottle of lemon pledge in my back pack .
looking out over the lake i know the loc ness monster was there somewhere . i stared at the lake for hours and hours .
later on we attended a conference where most people had really bad gas . you could tell everyone was farting very very hard . streaking their underpants .
the family is looking forward to day in nature .
they start at the visitor center and follow the signs .
they double check the map to make sure they are headed in the right direction .
they also take a photo at the entrance of location .
they take a picture before heading back home for the day .
me and my girlfriend are on our way to the park in the city .
the park is a beautiful park that has a river running though it
as well as flowers surrounding the courtyard .
once we arrive , we go the the center of the park which has the courtyard and the river
to take a picture to post on social media .
a young couple drove out to their favorite park .
they enjoyed a nice day near the water .
the girl took a lot of photos of beautiful flowers she found .
they even took a ride in a rowboat .
at the end of the day they relaxed near the fountain .
[male] and [female] took a road trip .
they went to a park that had a river running through it .
the park had beautiful yellow flowers .
there were lots of people at the park .
[male] and [female] had a wonderful time .
the couple decided it was time that they both took a trip together , so they loaded up and hit the road
the first stop was just outside of town , the two took a romantic boat ride as the sun was setting
the next morning they went downtown and walked through the park toward the market
there were people everywhere , so many that the couple never made it to the market , they could n't stop chatting with strangers
later that day they took a photo to share with all their friends back home .
we went on a trip to a local park .
after walking around for a bit , we stopped to admire the scene from the lake .
it was springtime , and the flowers were in full bloom .
the park offered row boat rentals , which we took advantage of .
after the boat ride , we went to a nearby town center , and snapped a photo of the fountain .
the lovely couple makes it to their southern destination .
they see the beautiful structures across the street .
the decided to travel to a nearby church .
afterwards , they relaxed with some tasty beers in their room .
the sunset was unforgettable .
what a great time in the old town .
we got to see some authentic places .
took in a great sunset .
and a great sunrise .
then we saw some more .
the couple posed for a quick picture in the hotel before setting out to tour the city .
there were many historic buildings to explore .
inside there were antiques on display .
at the end of the tour , he relaxed at the restaurant .
they enjoyed watching the sunset over the water before going to bed .
we took this picture in the inn we were staying while on our trip .
we saw a few castles , but did n't tour any of them .
we went to a historical church with relics one day .
the inn had a really comfortable balcony ; sometimes i napped there .
the sunsets could not have been more beautiful .
the couple in their hotel for a vacation .
this is the outside view of the hotel the couple are staying at .
of course we drop by the church first before going to other places .
my hubby looking so tired from walking around .
beautiful sunset view from our room .
we got together at the church for the wedding rehearsal .
it was a bit solemn even though it was only a rehearsal .
afterwards , we met in a restaurant for dinner .
the bride and groom thanked us for being there .
after dinner , we all went bowling for the rest of the evening .
this weekend we went to a friends wedding .
it was a lovely ceremony .
the reception was beautifully decorated .
the bride and groom were made for each other .
it was so nice to see family and friends .
the event was held at the local church .
the attendees were dressed well .
there was opportunity for photographs .
the celebration required a toast .
afterwards , the group played a few games .
they were happy to make the wedding rehearsal .
everyone did a good job of practicing what to do .
the after party was going to be fun , and the room looked beautiful .
the bride and groom were excited , but also a little nervous .
the family of the bride and groom were happy to be together as well .
we are so happy to get picked as coworkers to get to go to training .
this is a big deal today we will learn about growing food .
afterward we got to eat at a fancy place with all home grown food .
they even had home made grape juice everyone was having a blast .
fainlly we got to meet the people behind it all so cool .
we took [male] and the boys out for a day at the beach .
me and [male] stopped for a quick photo .
[female] was undaunted by the steep slope .
they were happy to swim in the ocean .
[female] and [male] played tug of war to dry off .
my name is [female] , and i am a dog .
i love to frolic with my other doggy friends when we hangout .
i also love to swim in the ocean with my friend [male] .
then after i 've spent some time swimming i like to get out my tug toy and have a tug war with fluffy .
finally , after a full day of play i like to relax with my person , [male] .
the dogs are running freely away from their owner .
one of the dogs decide to sit next to the owner .
there is a dog standing on the side of a hill .
the dogs go to the water to play in the waves .
the dogs are playing by the rocks .
there are two dogs playing in the field , while the brown dog rest .
the man and his dog sit along in the field .
the black and white dog stand on the hill side .
this little dog playing in the water with the second little dog .
there are two dogs pulling between a string .
the man took his dogs to the beach .
they stopped to take a break on the way down the big hill .
the dogs were anxious to make it to the water .
finally , they arrived !
the dogs were super happy and all played together at the beach .
we left our tall tower of apartments early in the morning .
we walked through the city and saw other people using the broad sidewalks .
the buildings were smaller and smaller as we neared the city limits .
the people were friendly in the marketplace outside the city walls .
everyone felt good to be away from the congested city and spend time in the open agricultural landscape .
it 's a kind of nice place to ride bi-cycles , peoples are enjoying this calm area .
amazing tourist place , see how many road shops are in this memorandum place .
people 's are selling something different in this road shops .
busy street , people 's are buying there needed things
see , how busy peoples are in this busy street .
we arrived in location and left the hotel in the morning to go sight seeing .
we walked into town to get breakfast .
downtown was very busy and we passed many stores .
we arrived at our destination and sat down to eat in the food court .
we visited some local farms on our walk back to the hotel .
my first day in location by myself . this is my apartment .
this is the street that 's in front of my apartment .
you do n't have to walk far to see amazing buildings .
this wall was built in the 1700 's .
if you walk 1 mile east , you 'll see fields .
in location , there are lots of tall apartment buildings .
it 's common to see people walking together with their friends .
there are lots of people who live here .
sometimes , the weather can be a bit rainy .
that 's okay , because it means that all the crops grow lots of food for the people to eat .
the man was preparing for the barbecue .
they men were setting up the tarp .
the men waited for the water to boil .
the man is filling up the pale of water .
the men enjoyed themselves outside .
rookie log , 1300 hours : the men seem to be hanging some strange , blue blanket from their house . i have no idea what this custom is for but i intend to find out .
rookie log , 1500 hours : i 've been spotted by a man who appears happy , but i have a feeling his smile is not quite sincere . he invited me to stay for dinner . i fear if i do not except , this message may be my last .
rookie log , a few minutes later : the man called `` chip '' , introduced me to a man he claims is his brother . i ca n't help but think , they are not related at all . side note , research the meaning of `` chip '' , the word alone sounds delicious .
rookie log , 1700 hours : i have passed by these gentlemen several times , and they have yet to make eye contact . perhaps they are guarding a secret substance in those containers . i will make a point of investigating further .
rookie log , 1900 hours : a strange customs seems to be taking place . as each man arrives , he approaches this table and speaks with the old man . he then pours them a drink , and they walk away . i have yet to see any of them reappear . i am requesting with this transmission , permission to accept this mystery liquid and investigate further . please send confirmation or denial as quickly as possible . if i do not partake soon , it will look suspicious .
my father loved having get to gethers for people he worked with .
he helped set up a tent for people sit under .
he had some more of his workers help with the cooking .
my older brother made sure refreshments were there as well .
we set up everything in front people knew how to get to us .
it took a lot of help from everyone to get things set up .
there were many different people there and everyone seemed to have a good time .
some people were really concentrating on doing a good job though .
we would stop from time to time just to talk about the next steps .
after some hard work it was time to stop and have some lunch .
the organization organization club were getting together for a neighborhood barbeque . putting up the overhead awning is not a simple task .
but , friends working together is always enjoyable .
rob looks over his notes for the brief speech he was nomiated to give .
the boys did n't get to just sit around at the photo suggest they worked hard watching over the barbeque and turning the meat .
we had a good turn out and discussed future plans for the club with all the senior members . we planned stategy on how to finance the plans over good food and a little fun .
the fire was still smoldering from last night .
the daughter wore flowers in her hair .
that night we saw a beautiful lamp design .
but that would n't be the only beautiful light was saw .
we got to see some gorgeous old candles .
the fire was ready for everyone to enjoy .
the flowers were ready to go for the bonnets .
the incense was burning and smelled great .
little [female] was working on her flower bonnet .
she finished it ! is n't it beautiful ?
look , here is where we had our bonfire last night , it was a most beautiful night full of fun and laughter .
but then today , we had to get up early . i was so tired but the cleaning lady left the beautiful flowers and candle for me to enjoy .
tonight i will be enjoying another evening of excitement , i will be lighting candles and enjoying more of the courtyard with [male] .
i need to get these nails done and finish all my errands .
there , i have my hair done and i am so cute . i love the new hair flowers . i am just so cute . got ta go , [male] will be here shortly .
i set up a lovely outdoor meal for my girlfriend .
she looked very pretty and her outfit complimented the date .
it started to get dark .
i decided to light some candles to make it more illuminated .
as time passed , the candles melted and i knew that it was getting late .
this is our awesome campfire !
i felt like a princess with the wreath of flowers on my head .
this bright light lit up the entire area as the sun set .
this is our wall of light made of candles .
we burnt candles way into the night - look at the cool melted wax on the candelabra .
we are getting ready to go on a long distance bike ride .
here we are on our way to the mountain . we have quite a ways to go still .
we had to ride across this crazy bridge .
the fog at the mountain was very thick .
after an exciting ride , we went out to dinner to replenish some of our spent energy .
everyone is gathering together for a biking race .
everyone prepares for the event , all huddled together under a tarp .
racers begin to set out although the weather looks a little gloomy .
after racing it is time for a good lunch ! it is well earned .
the event was successful but it looks like the numbers of people is steadily decreasing .
i want to go here and need to find this in the map .
is this the right direction to the place ?
how amazing to look at the things a man can do .
its freezing cold in here . need to be careful driving honey
at last having my dinner after a long day finding that place .
we could tell that it was going to be a rainy bike ride , but we were prepared .
we all gathered to talk about our plans and course of action .
we made it through the day with the bad weather and afterwards everyone was ready for some food .
we stopped at a place and had some light food and drinks .
afterwards we enjoyed each others company .
we all had such a great time at the bike race , even though it was raining .
all of my favorite bike riding friends were there and we had some good talks .
the pouring rain slowed us down a bit , but did not stop our good times .
we enjoyed some food and beer while we waited out the rain .
some people stood outside under tents even though it was wet outside .
a family arrives together at the soccer stadium to watch a game on a cloudy day .
the family all go down the aisles to look for seats , as the stadium is packed .
they finally find some seats near the bottom row .
as they look at the field , the realize what a beautiful day it is and anticipate the soccer game even more .
the soccer game begins and the family enjoys rooting on their favorite teams .
i went to see the team play today .
i got a couple of good photos of the pitch before the game started .
the contrast between the sky , the top of the stadium and the pitch was fantastic .
this is the seat i sat in , it was a really great view .
of course i had to get the shot of the game itself , i had a really good seat right behind the goal . it was a very good match .
this was the first real soccer game i ever attended .
i was a little nervous at first trying to find my seat .
when i found where we were sitting i was fine .
my friend got onto the field and took this awesome shot .
this was from my seat , i thought we had the perfect view from behind the goal .
today us boys are headed to the big game so happy .
we get there plenty early i'am starving we go to get food .
i eat five hot dogs now i can even move awe .
it 's almost time for the game good thing i'am really sleepy .
the players are out o boy i'am awake now up on my feet ready for action .
a soccer complex is a great place to spend the weekend .
lots of men were at this soccer game .
the goal was stationed as it should be
but the seats were a bit painful to sit in .
when the game started , everyone was noisy .
the seagull landed on the trash can .
then it flew to the ground .
the bird then ate some food off the ground .
the seagull flew away towards a park .
the sky was getting stormy at the park .
[male] the bird looked left , looking for food .
he looked right , looking for food . he spotted some .
he grabs the berry , and gulps it up .
he even found an apple core !
they made this statue in his honor .
at the park , we were happy to be visited by a beautiful white bird .
the bird was walking around and making itself quite at home .
we decided to feed him some lunch , and he seemed quite grateful .
then we headed over to the lake to enjoy the scenery .
it was a cloudy day , but we all had a great time .
i saw seagulls at the park today .
they were picking things out of the trash and eating them .
it made me sad because some of it was n't food .
the rest of the park seemed so beautiful .
i stared up into the sky , tried to forget about the birds , but could n't .
the bird was perched atop a garbage can , watching his surroundings .
he spotted something in the grass , so he picked it up .
then he spotted something else .
after wandering the grassy shore , he wanted to be able to see his surroundings , again .
so the bird landed on a weather vane .
[female] was finally able to take her dream trip and backpack around location .
[female] is a bit of a nature nut , so she decided the first thing she would do is camp out . she followed this man to the campsite .
although a bit barren , [female] found this spot to be a good location to camp out .
[female] was so exhausted traveling , that she threw everything down on the ground , and kicked off her boots the second she arrived .
although this is just the first day , [female] is really excited for the rest of her trip .
it 's so exciting buying knickknacks while on vacation .
nothing is as satisfying as trying new foods though .
the city is beautiful for touring .
visiting the best sites for tourists . it looks like next it 's time to hike .
after hiking , it is nice to take a break and lie down for a while .
the stuffed frog makes for an interesting travel companion .
this is one example of food found here .
the city has a quaint look rich in tradition .
we stayed here during the evening .
we made time for outdoor rest as well .
out girlfriend loved to hike and backpack , especially on vacation .
she took this photo of me on a bike i rented .
it was dreary , but it would not stop use from our journey .
we found a nice clearing to lay our stuff .
she was just relaxing , we had a full day ahead of us .
we have finally made it to the place where we will spend the day sightseeing .
we spent most of the day riding our bikes around the countryside .
the view was absolutely amazing .
after hours of being out riding it was time for a break .
it felt good to stop and take a break .
every year , they get together for a crazy obstacle course that they train for all year long .
there are many people who run this obstacle race , but they know they are prepared .
one of the first hurdles they come up to is a fire pit .
everyone is successful at completing this jump .
although they got a little wet and muddy , on of the friends got a medal , but they both had so much fun that they ca n't wait to come back next year .
[male] and [male] decided to do a mud race , was curious to see who would do better .
last time they were together during the race was at the starting line .
[male] came across the finish line first .
finally [male] was able to finish the race .
regardless who won [male] and [male] had a great time because the both finished .
my friend and i met at the marathon .
finally , the much anticipated marathon began and we took off running .
we had to jump over a pit of fiery flames which was very fun and scary .
finally , we arrived at the finish line .
we celebrated our victory when we arrived at the end of the challenging and rewarding marathon .
the boys are ready to run the race .
he is heading towards the starting line .
he is getting ready to begin the race .
the other boy is running the race .
they are happy that the race is over .
we decided it would be cool to do an intense marathon .
i decided to stay behind and stalk the runners to motivate them .
here 's the burning log i set up after my friends had gone by . try outrunning fire , nerds !
some of them managed to jump over the log , though .
my friends still managed to place highly , so it was a success .
it was the biggest game of the season both teams wanted it badly .
[male] dives for the ball to give possession to his team in the game .
coach of the yellow team preps his players telling them to keep their heads in the game .
34 for the white team runs the ball close to the goaline on the way to score a touchdown
the white team celebrates the victory in the biggest game of the year !
the coach gave all of the players that gathered around a motivating speech in order to get the team pumped up for the game .
the game was a tough battle , and we were starting to lose the lead .
the star player seemed to be injured , so he would have to come out of the game .
the coach had to draw up a new play since a new player was coming into the game to replace the star player .
the player that came off of the bench played spectacularly , and he caught the game winning touchdown .
the first year coach made sure his team as prepared for the championship game .
they stuck to the game plan slowly driving up the field .
the star quarterback was excited for every play .
the coach made sure his team was focused on the final drive .
the wide receiver caught the game winning touchdown as time expired .
the football game was a rivalry between both schools of the town .
the game started off very close .
the coach tried to keep the players ' head in the game as the game started to slip away .
here number 34 goes for the scoring touch down run .
the team one the game and deserved the hard fought victory .
coach talking to the players .
going for the tackle .
ready to play defense , and the coach called a time out .
the coach called another play .
he caught the ball it was a turn over .
on a sunny day a group of friends went to the beach .
they met on the beach were they sat down a bit .
they explored the area and saw some interesting structures .
the trip included a hike up the mountain .
here the crew is posted for a pic on top !
my family and i decided to go to the beach .
it was a very beautiful day .
our family relaxed out near the shore .
we decided to walk around the hills .
i really like the view .
my friends and i 's last day in location .
we went to the beach one last time , we would remember it forever .
this old surf shack was something we all took a liking to
my friend loved to pose in weird sports .
us leaving , it was a sad day to leave right as the sun was coming out .
we decided today was the day we 'd explore the coast line .
we started off the morning bright and early .
there were many abandoned shacks along the water side .
after the walk , we started hiking along the rocky hills along the coast .
we finally made it to the top before the afternoon .
the sky looked amazing and i was glad i came here to explore .
we all gathered to talk about what we would do that day .
there were many interesting things to see and do .
we went climbing up the side of a small hill .
once we got to the top it was time for a little break , but the view was amazing .
today is the big day of the robot battle tournament .
in this tournament , participants build robots to fight against the other participants robots , and the last robot standing is the winner .
it required very hard work in programming and calculations for the participants to build their robots .
[male] was feeling very confident about his robot today and was excited to start it off .
although [male] 's robot put up a good fight , it was [male] 's robot that would be the ultimate victor .
everybody had gathered around for the big robot competition .
when it was [male] 's turn he was so excited he could n't wait . he almost fell into the arena .
his robot clicked and whirred and follwed his instructions to a tee .
the judges collected the data on all the robots and handed out prizes for the winners .
victory at last ! good things come to those who wait .
the competition excited us all .
the challenge to build a better robot began .
this guy had many technical aspects to him .
during down time , we checked out our competitors online .
our robot did fantastic !
there was a robot event that was being held that i participated in .
i had my robot in the competition
and made it move with my laptop .
another couple competitors entered
and i did n't win .
my friend brought me to this robot competition down the road .
we saw different kinds of robots and it was so cool
i am not sure what this robot was for or did , but it was son interesting .
this guy took the competition so seriously and lost , i felt bad for him .
he lost to this guy , who seemed pretty excited as well to win .
we set out to find a good location to hangout once the sun fell below the horizon .
the sun was starting to set , and we were getting all of our things ready .
the fire was ready , and we all gathered around to feel its warmth .
everyone was in their position and was ready to start the show .
many fireworks went off as we set them off in sync which allowed us to create one of the best firework experiences around .
for the 4th of july my family decided to get together .
we went for a long hike out to the beach .
there we met up with the rest of my family to have a party .
we lit a large bonfire and cooked hot dogs and hamburgers .
when the food was done we sat back to watch the fireworks .
the family gathered at the beach for some family time
they saw the wild animals and decided to snap a few pictures
the sun went down at the beach
they made fires and told stories around the fire
then they experienced the firework display at night time
we saw two deers in the field .
looking at the sunrise .
fire is ready for the bonfire .
picture of the bonfire .
light show with the glow sticks .
we had such a fun time at the beach , going on and building a camp fire late at night .
during the day we got to see various birds going through the dunes .
we had a large gathering of people show up for the camp fire .
the camp fire was dug very deep and allowed us all to enjoy it .
we decided to light off exciting fireworks before we went back to the house .
while on vacation the family decided to visit the organization organization organization .
they saw a pendulum that adjusts to the location 's gravity .
the organization had an extensive aquarium .
it even had an overpass where you could have an under view of the sea lions den .
all in all it was a fantastic day where they all learned a lot .
we walked through the parade . everyone was in costume .
on the way to the museum we had no trouble finding waldo . in fact , we found two .
there were some really beautiful and interesting exhibits at the museum .
but even more incredible was the aquarium . we walked underneath turtles and sharks .
at the end , the giant tank was breathtaking . we sat and watched for a while , absorbed in awe .
the family went to the organization organization organization organization .
while at the academy , they saw a compass to show what direction you were going in the water .
the family then went into the aquarium were the was a whole wall of fish .
the family even got to walk in a tunnel with fish swimming over top of them .
the family was happy to see all the different colors of fish .
today we visited the organization organization organization organization .
there was a huge pendulum .
the highlight was the aquariums .
we even walked under the glass .
the colors were absolutely amazing .
during the weekend we decided to attend the organization organization organization organization .
we got to see this spinning ball go round and round without stopping .
we then visited the fish and listened to a tour guide talk about them .
we stood underneath the fish tank and watched them swim up above .
this man stood closely watching the fish for minutes .
it was time to go out and explore .
what are these strange rocks ?
let 's check them out and see what they are ?
i wonder if there is anything else out in this open space ?
it 's so hot time to cool our feet off in the waters .
extraterrestrials . they exist , and today we set out to prove it .
we investigated this swirly thing , down at the beach . it 's like a crop circle , but made of rocks . you know , like a rock circle . totally signs of aliens .
`` hey guys , can you get a picture of us next to the alien symbols ? '' thanks ! these people were super helpful .
we took lots of pictures , and spent the day walking the length of the spiral and looking for alien objects and artifacts and stuff .
at the end of the day , we did n't find any , but in the end , we found each other .
the girls from our office . we decided to hang out this weekend .
the local shore , so peaceful .
that is [female] from accounting and her son [male] .
i do n't know those ladies but they look happy .
some random people around us on our trip . it was getting crowded and was time to go home .
today this family is exploring a spiral outcropping of rocks .
they start from way above .
the trail leads to the water .
they are able to walk on the spiral .
they finish a great day by walking the shore .
taking a picture with the family in the middle of the dirt road on our way to the beach .
rock formation at the beach .
standing with his mom on top of the rocks .
walking on the sand with her mom .
on their way to the water .
today was the location location high school reunion !
it has been many years since we attended , but many of us remain close .
here we were before the reunion , catching up and having fun just like old times .
here 's a picture of me and my best friend . it was so great to see her again !
it feels like just yesterday that we were all in class together . what a great reunion .
they went to go party for a wedding in location location .
they stopped by their school and did grafitti .
the friends danced and had lots of fun .
they finally went to the wedding and set it off .
at the end the girls all went out to get drunk and party with the bride .
the graduation party starts at the high school .
the school was well established , clean and pleasant .
the couples posed for pictures before the big party that night .
at the party reception , many were celebrating and having a good time .
the girls took time away from their dates to pose for friend pictures .
a few friends decided to attend a school reunion for organization organization organization organization .
they relived old times when they were involved in sports such a kayaking .
they even had a mock get together afterwards at a friends house they frequented when they were young .
at the reunion two old friends connected and became husband and wife the following year .
the reunion was a time that none of them would forget . also began on that trip lifelong friendships that will last a lifetime .
a huge painted rock with 1998 brought back memories .
gig harbor high school was where i met my best friends
we celebrated our high school reunion by getting dressed up
and having a few beverages
later , the girls continued to party at the bar .
mom and baby both came to the family gathering .
the boys chatted in the kitchen .
everyone sat on the floor for a card game .
we listened to the boys piano music .
and before we left everyone got together for a group picture .
the big family reunion dinner began , and everyone was excited to eat before the evening activities .
after dinner they played their customary game of cards .
which led into many other board games everyone could take part in .
[male] helped keep the mood light by showing what he has been working on in piano lessons .
it was a great get together with the extended family !
the whole family got together to meet the newest grandchild
there was abundant food and drink for everyone
the reunion turned into a game night
with music provided by [male]
and great family photos to hold onto
this family spends a lot of time together around the holidays .
all of the cousins play cards .
the adults play jenga .
then they are treated to an impromptu piano performance .
at the end of the day they all get together for a photo to remember the good times .
cleaning up after dinner with the family .
family fun night with a game of cards .
family fun continues with jenga !
grandson plays the piano for visiting grandparents .
a group photo of all of us .
today was the day the volunteers would visit the sick children at the hospital
the children all sat down to hear the wonderful stories that the volunteers would tell .
they even acted out the parts in front of all the children .
afterwards they spoke with them individually and they all seemed to have a good time .
all the children even received gifts that put big smiles on their faces . everybody was happy
annual sambhavi day gave us an opportunity to help so many children in need .
the children of our church performed the traditional prayer for guests .
we are all very proud that we could support the parents of the special needs children .
the money raised will help buy equipment that will make lives better .
all of our hard work was rewarded by the children 's smiling faces !
these were old photos of a friend of mine from a different country .
they came to our school one day to teach is about their culture .
they came dressed up in traditional garb .
they had a relative who had health problems but was a sweetheart .
their niece always had a smile on her face it seemed .
the big day has arrived for the children .
they all waited patiently for their turn .
some wanted to sit on their mothers laps .
they were presented with the needed equipment .
smiles were to be had by all those around for the good things of the day .
today is a celebratory day .
there are many kids there celebrating their achievements .
there were a lot of family members there to help celebrate .
she received a new walker to help her get around .
she is happy with her new accommodating table .
it was the first snow of the winter !
it was time for snowball fights ,
making snow angels ,
and writing messages in the snow .
even our dog wally wanted in on the action !
[male] and [female] lived together , and one day woke up to realize it was snowing .
they put on some warm clothes and headed outside .
[female] decided to make a snow angel .
their dog decided to join in on the fun , and jumped around in the snow .
[male] took a picture of [female] with the dog because he wanted to remember this day .
it was a cold sunny winter 's day and the children were playing in the street .
some of the children were playfully throwing snowballs .
other children decided to make snow angels .
one child even decided to write her name in the snow .
the dog decided to join in the wintertime fun .
a couple of kids are playing together in the snow .
they start throwing snowballs at one another !
a little boy starts to make a snow angel with his dog by his side .
the girls write their name in the snow to mark their trip !
the little boy and his dog are tired from their snow filled day !
it 's a rare occasion that we see snow like this in location .
the kids could n't stop playing in it .
[male] 's first snow angel was interrupted by our dog .
[male] was n't the only one having fun . [female] decided to scratch her name into the snow .
here 's our other dog , he was a little less excited to play in the snow .
[male] biked into town quietly .
he noticed the beautiful sea and structures ahead .
[male] got in a boat to take a cruise .
he returned to the restaurant to get some tasty grub .
he left town through a lovely passageway .
i lovely pond full of organization pads to set the mood .
and beyond that a path that leads to an exotic surprise .
a beautiful lake before my eyes .
i met a man that paddled a boat with his feet
and seen steep cliffs that made my stomach twist .
motorcycles were the preferred transportation in this part of the country .
there was such beautiful scenery to see while you were riding around .
after a long bike ride , he enjoyed some peaceful relaxation on the lake .
next , he enjoyed a delicious meal at the local restaurant .
at the end of the day he returned to the quaint bed and breakfast to stay for the night .
we took the trail to get to the lake .
the lake was clear and calm even though the sky was gray .
we rowed our way over to the island in the lake .
we had some delicious food there .
this was the trail back to the docks , so we could go home .
the moment we arrived i could tell this trip would be special .
we captured the beauty that surrounded us .
our local guide had s great sense of humor .
we had to all have an adventurous appetite .
the beautiful walkways were like none i had seen .
the truck water slide my job to build these things .
my two coworkers driving in a finished slide .
now it getting ready for test time make sure everything works .
the coworker all gather around for the final test .
wow we all had a great time this truck water slide is awesome .
the moving company truck arrives at the field .
the instructor telling the students how to go down the slide .
[female] is going down the slide .
[female] made her way down to the end of the slide .
the students pose for a picture on the slide .
it was a giant slide
all the members got ready to slide down on it
each took turns going down the slide
they were like kids again !
they all posed for a picture on the slide
getting the slide to the field to set up for school carnival .
the track team raised money to rent this slide . they spent all spring selling candy bars for donations .
that is coach [male] making sure everything is in place and safe .
coach [male] giving a safety lesson and pep talk about the slide .
the slide all set up for carnival and the teams testing it out .
the gentle giant was in town and ready for fun .
the team set up the big slide .
then it was time for fun .
they slid down the slide .
it was a fun day , and the team was ready for more .
the family took a trip to the zoo .
first we saw the giraffes .
then we saw the polar bears .
the gorillas also showed up .
we had a nice day at the zoo .
this family enjoys spending time at the zoo .
visiting the giraffe is a must on their list of animals to see .
next up is a look at the polar bear exhibit . it 's always a joy to watch this large animal swim effortlessly in the water .
gorillas are a blast to see ! they are so human like !
there 's nothing more rewarding than spending a family day at the zoo !
i took my kids to the zoo one saturday .
we were excited to see a giraffe , but the giraffe was shy .
the polar bear was n't shy - it swam right up to us !
the gorilla stomped around in his enclosure guarding his territory .
my wife and i took a picture with our youngest to remember the day !
[male] and [female] had been taken to the zoo by their dad !
there was a giraffe that was weird looking .
a polar bear that looked cute swimming !
as well as a gorilla that had a twig on his face !
daddy found a new woman though , we do n't see him as much anymore .
the family went to the zoo .
the giraffes were being cleaned .
the bear was cooling down in the water .
the gorilla was walking around .
the family had a good day at the zoo .
the group entered the plane , excited for their trip to the beach .
the plane was small and very crowded .
they marveled at how blue the ocean was as they flew over .
they finally see land and the tiny island of their vacation .
they exit the plane and ca n't wait to start exploring the beach !
a family arrives at the airport , ready to board their plane , but it looks to be very empty .
eventually , everyone starts pouring in and they all start getting on the plane .
the dad took a picture before the plane took off , because it was his first time flying .
the family was scared , because they thought the plane was almost going to crash into a small dirt hill .
when the family got in the air , they were in shock from how beautiful the ocean looked from so far up .
this was the best part of our family vacation .
somehow we all fit in the plane . it was tight , but we made it .
this is a view that was absolutely beautiful .
the mountain looked unreal from this high up .
i was sad when we landed , i could of stayed in the air for another hour or so .
the crew is about to go on a vacation trip via air plane style .
the crew is all on board , and is ready to settle in for the ride of their life .
as the air plane takes off , the crew looks outside to notice a beautiful scenery of the ocean .
after a few hours land could be seen indicating that the crew 's destination is near .
the crew is finally at their stop and is ready to have a really adventurous vacation trip .
the men boarded the plane .
they all found their seats .
there was an amazing view out the window of the ocean .
an island appeared outside .
the airplane landed .
the baseball game is almost ready to begin .
a vendor starts selling cotton candy for the game .
the game is underway as the pitcher throws the first pitch .
the action is heating up as the player throws the ball passed the player .
trying to close out the game the pitcher throws a strike .
we all gathered for [male] 's baseball game .
[male] started out doing really well , getting third base .
there was cotton candy for sale in the stands .
[male] [male] obviously wanted the cotton candy .
we all stood up and cheered when [male] hit a home run .
the players warmed up before the game started .
just before the first pitch was thrown we bought some cotton candy from a vendor .
our starting pitcher played nearly perfectly for the first 3 innings ; only one hit allowed !
the errant throw from our first baseman ended up costing our team a run .
the opposing team was able to close out the game due to their closing pitcher 's excellent performance .
the fans awaited the baseball teams arrival by plane !
after they were parachuted down the game was set to begin !
the cotton candy maker however was n't prepared and needed more cotton candy .
this made the spectators angry and they wanted to rebel
however once the game actually started people quieted down and had fun !
i hope he gets better because he is an important player
this guy got his hussle on
the pitch that would be the turing
and this is the players making more mistakes
the pitch that broke the catchers hand
the children were all so excited to the families day out on the lake ! everyone was helping each other get ready for a day of fun .
the children went out to go play on the floating dock . not only did they all go out there together but they even met some new friends .
after the fun time on the floating dock some of the kids came back in closer to the beach and decided to have some fun . the kids were having a blast getting launched into the air and then coming down to make some giant splashes !
of course , soon enough , everyone was coming over to have a turn getting launched into the air . everyone was laughing so much .
after all the fun out on the water everyone came back to shore to have some cake to welcome [male] home .
the cake that grandma made for matt .
everyone gathered around enjoying the delicous cake
the kids sitting outside of the water for some reason
the uncle decided to through brad into the water .
grandma just chilling and enjoying the show .
everyone celebrated the arrival with food and fun .
the table was big enough for everyone to sit at .
the boating activities afterwards were fun too .
some stunts were a little strange to watch .
the day was relaxing for everyone .
it was a party to welcome [male] home .
the entire family showed up to celebrate and eat cake .
after eating , some of the kids went out on the lake .
soon the adults joined the kids in the water .
the other adults in the family sat around talking until the sun went down .
the family gets together for a fun day at the lake .
the family is ready to get into the water .
playing in the water the family is having a blast .
the fun just keeps on going on as they continue to swim and play .
after getting out of the lake they sit down and have some food .
our wedding day . this is the archway where we exchanged our vows . it is fitting that our first picture be here as man and wife .
we went inside and exchanged toasts to our new life together , before we had dinner . the flowers celebrate the beauty and freshness of our marriage .
our dinner was fantastic and i was so happy that my grandparents could join us for this special occasion .
the father daughter dance , along with my new husband dancing with my mother .
after dinner and dancing , we all went outside to take a photo of our new melded family .
before the wedding party family took a group picture .
newlyweds look very happy .
first toast of just married couple .
opening dance on the dancefloor .
there was some time for taking pictures with family members
my cousin got married last week , and we made sure to take pictures with the entire family .
he and his new wife looked so happy on their wedding day .
the bride and groom toasted each other and the start of their marriage .
they danced their first dance together .
finally , they posed for pictures with the bride 's family .
groom and bride taking pictures at the alter
bride and groom making a toast at their wedding ceremony .
the bride and groom with their mother and father and each other inlaws at the wedding reception
the bride is having a dance with her father and the groom is dancing with his new mother in law .
family and friends taking together in front of the wedding venue taking pictures with the bride and groom
wedding day for my best bud .
here he is with the bride .
the whole family is here .
dance with your parents . how embarrassing .
group photo . everybody smile .
i went to the palace during my vacation .
i really liked the flowers .
the front of the building was very beautiful .
i liked the palace from afar .
the entrance was amazing .
it 's a beautiful day to explore location with the family !
we are going to the location location today !
but first dad wants a picture by the location location .
we are getting closer and closer to our destination !
we finally made it to the location location and ca n't wait to have a peek inside thus infamous church !
day 1 romantic get away . me standing under the roses .
day 2 pretty cathedral . we passed by it on our stroll to brunch .
day 3 my fiance taking a break on the wall .
day 4 the famous cathedral , we joked and said let 's get married right here , right now .
last day just after mass when the people were leaving . we were lucky to get a seat , a nice last day on our trip .
today , we went to visit the cathedral .
first , we walked through the gardens .
[female] could n't resist the view while it was hidden behind flowers .
afterwards , we both wanted to have pictures of it .
we had a great day exploring the wonderful historical architecture .
we saw a beautiful building with nice details .
smelling the beautiful pink roses in the garden .
the garden in front of the building .
woman taking a picture with the church the in the back .
dad taking a picture with a church in the back .
[female] 's roommate took her to attend the asian culture event at her university 's campus .
there were many interesting events set up , including games that people could play .
there was also many foods from the asian culture available to try .
[female] tried a rice cookie , and it was very good !
[female] also met a lot of interesting people and learned a lot about asian heritage . she had a great time .
the woman 's friend had told her about the festival .
she was excited to try some of the local foods .
they were delicious .
it was a small celebration but still fun .
she loves having new experiences with her new friends .
the family went to an international festival at one of the local campuses in their area .
they participated in fun games and activities where they learned about different cultures .
they got to try different , unique food from multiple countries .
their mom really enjoyed the food from location !
the family had a wonderful experience sharing the day learning about different cultures .
we decided to go to the street festival today .
there was a lot of different foods available .
everyone seemed to be enjoying the food .
the area was very nice and had some nice areas to sit .
we got to meet this group of people that were very nice to us .
me and my friend take a picture outside an important building .
we decided to get some of the local cuisine .
my friends are trying out the local food and enjoying it .
there was a trampoline by an old building that i wished i could jump on .
the whole family showed up to take a picture under a colorful tent .
[female] was so excited her package was finally here !
she was so eager to open up her package she could n't wait any longer !
[female] showing off her free rpg game cards .
[female] showing even more of her rpg game cards .
[female] was so happy with her package and was ready to get started playing her new game !
[female] 's xmas gift from overseas had just arrived and she was so excited
anticipation and curiosity filled the room while she tore into the packe
what in the world could this be she thought to herself
wow ! ! lord of the rings gear . she could hardly contain herself
this was by far the best gift she had ever received .
the package finally arrived .
she was quick to open it .
inside the box was a special surprise .
she received what she had been asking for .
her smile said it all .
i 've been waiting for this package for weeks , and it finally came !
i ca n't wait to open it any longer !
it 's a bag , but there 's more !
it 's my new video games !
i can not wait to play my new video games !
a mysterious package arrived in the mail ... did a secret admirer know it was my birthday ?
carefully , i opened the box and peered inside .
the first thing i noticed were two free gifts , a very good start .
thn next were two opportunities to play my favorite lord of the rings game online free ... yay !
at last , the best thing of all , the game itself and to my anonymous gift giver i say thanks so much !
a visit to this park gave lots of time for explanation .
it was a good spot to get some rest .
these monuments were a sight to behold .
this shape was odd yet interesting .
an up close look provides detail of the texture .
we went on our family vacation to the state park .
the kids enjoyed playing in the creek .
we had to take a couple breaks during our excursion .
the view was breathtaking .
we had to leave when the heat became unbearable .
we set out on a hiking trip .
we ran across a dirt pile that some people were simply amazed by .
we took time to take breaks along the way .
we climbed through different areas .
we ended the day with a nice walk down a path .
on our annual camping trip we took a day hike to the top of this mountain .
we created a scavenger hunt for the kids so that they would stay interested during the long walk .
about halfway up we had to stop to rest . it was a hot day .
the view from the top was amazing and well worth it though .
everyone made it back down safely .
the boys got to go on a hike and adventure .
after getting there and investigating the creek , they took a little break on a log .
there were some really unusual looking rocks on their way out again .
there were unusual branches and things too . they explored a desert terrain .
when they got to the end of the trail they found a really strange tree that they used as a marker for next time .
the fellow that owns this said that he can cut an acre of grass in half an hour !
a short walk from the lawnmower , was a creek that had crystal clear water .
of course near water , there are mosquitos . i snapped a close up just before he bit me .
this flower is n't one that i had seen before so i captured a memory of it .
the water looked clean at the river so we assumed that drinking this public water was safe .
today i went on a photography excursion . i got a beautiful shot of the riverbank .
he was playing with a soccer ball so i had to get a shot of him bouncing it in the dirt . the colors really contrasted well .
the earlier rain had left a nice sized puddle so i decided to get an action shot of a rock being tossed in the puddle .
the ice that had formed created a wonderful ripped effect , i just had to snap a close up shot .
i ended my trip with a picture of a beautiful flower , what a wonderful day .
this tractor my family bought ended up being a great investment .
there always some interesting pebbles on our property .
seeing a big like this on my arm was never a good sign .
i loved when the flowers would grow in the spring .
it was always nice to get a little refreshment to keep hydrated
there was once an abandoned lot that needed a little love and attention .
one day a young man on his way to play soccer passed by the lot .
he noticed the many puddles and dirt around the lot , and decided that he wanted to take care of the lot .
he got the entire lot wet to bring some moisture to the soil , and planted a few seeds .
by the end of the summer all the seeds that he had planted were in full bloom .
one day , the kids got together and went into the woods to a quiet stream to play .
[male] was kicking a soccer ball as they approached the stream .
suddenly , it started to rain and the stream became wider and deeper .
[male] slipped and slid into a gulley next to the stream .
after noticing that he 'd scratched himself , he looked up and saw a beautiful flower .
decided to take a day and go to location .
what a wonderful view .
rocks , where do they lead ?
beautiful trees and beautiful sky .
sometimes graffiti is nice
it had only been a few days since she had moved to organization organization from location location , but she felt like she finally found her place .
without the hustle and bustle of the corporate world , she would be free to write her poems , and post them on the neighborhood wall for all the see .
her backyard was practically a forest , which was such a deep contrast from her life in the lifeless concrete jungle . she savored every moment as she looked up at the canopy .
for her lunches , she would make her favorite pizza which was topped with locally grown arugula and parmesan cheese .
she finally found the peace she was looking for , and she walked her son each day into the forest to pick berries and harvest mushrooms .
i love being outside and enjoying nature .
it 's nice to sit and just appreciate everything that it has to offer
this park has the most interesting steps that i love to walk up .
the steps take you to some amazing picture opportunities , like this picture of the sun peaking through some trees .
even out here in nature you can see things that people have left behind to leave their mark .
just enjoying a nice day in the park
the swings were very peacfull
the old stone stairs that lead up to the trail
very old huge trees on the hiking trail
i found a marking on a tree that i very much agree with
maddy had always loved going outside .
she always found the neatest places to take pictures !
she would always try and tell a story . like why are the stone steps there ?
the trees were always up so high that you could n't see the sun . it was beautiful
she even loved taking pictures of people who had been there before . usually to end her day
we saw the changing of the guard .
there were lots of horses .
and a marching band .
the royals came out on the balcony and waved .
then we walked through the streets. & # 13 ;
our trip to location started out with a trip to location location .
it was really need to see the guards on horseback .
watching the [male] band was sure a treat .
the flyover was amazing .
seeing the [male] family was just as amazing as i thought it would be .
outside the landmark , the weather was clear .
every man rode his horse with style .
they all stood with pride before the spectators .
and watched over while those inside waved on .
the path was line with flags .
i had waited all year to see the changing of the guards .
they rode in on regal horses .
their uniforms were perfect .
i tried to spot the queen in the balcony .
what great pomp and circumstance !
we went on our trip to location to see where it was that we had come from . what we found was wonderful .
horse mounted guards where a sight to behold . our travels brought us close to more than a few of them .
here are some more royal guards standing on display for us to witness .
jets flying over the palace was a wonder . it was not something that i expected to see , and it was rather nice when it happened .
we could seem some of the royal family standing on the balcony , and we cheered when they waved .
in the morning we woke up and got ready for the day 's hike .
when everyone was accounted for , we got going .
the forest was green and misty .
we crossed a plateau and stopped for a moment to talk .
then it was back into the beautiful green woods .
dad sitting back , watching his boys in this majestic wilderness .
what a view it is from up here .
the whole gang has gathered around to view the scenery before hiking down .
how gorgeous is this ? we followed this little dear trail for quite some way .
we found this gem hidden at the end of the dear trail .
the outdoors trip was fun .
the event began during the day .
there green space was nice to take in .
it was a bit of a challenge sometimes .
the landscape was breathtaking .
we decided that today was a nice day for a hike m
we all discusses trail safety before we left .
there was a light fog during the early part of the hike .
but it cleared up and became a bright sunny day .
the forest offered some breathtaking views and memories that will last a lifetime .
[male] took his buddies out for a hike .
they seen these weird trees that were very skinny .
they grouped up and decided which was the best way to go .
they went down this trail to get to the river .
arriving at the river stream [male] sits on top of a rock and takes in mother natures beauty .
the boat was just returning to the main land .
everyone was eagerly awaiting the soldiers .
the soldiers all got off the boat .
one of them even proposed via banner !
everyone was thrilled to see their families again .
kid is very excited to be rejoined with his mother .
a navy member proposing to his gf as the boat is pulled in .
a navy sailor meets his son for the first time with his wife
baby boy is excited to see him mother .
group of sailors look off edge of the ship .
the seaman were returning home !
the crowd cheered as the ship pulled up !
proud military men filed off the boat ready to see their friends and family .
one man had a very important question to ask the lady he loved .
some young people were getting to meet their fathers for the first time .
many awaited the return for the organization sailors to return to land .
families held up signs for their loved ones to see them within the waiting crouds .
finally the sailors arrived .
some families awaited surprises that came as a shock to all .
and the families were ecstatic for their arrival .
emotional boy holding a welcome home mommy banner .
the sailors are holding a will you marry me sign as they are coming back home .
sailor meets son for the first time .
happy to be in his aunts arms again .
sailors standing waiting patiently to meet their family after months .
a little boy reads a book before preparing for his birthday party .
many of his family members show up to his party .
his grandpa and little sister even came .
the boy 's mother was very excited for him .
before the party was over , the little boy blew out the candle on his birthday cake and made a wish .
we celebrated his birthday with a party .
he got a new lego star wars kit , he really likes it .
he also got a patriots jersey , his favorite football team !
then it was time for cake , blow out the candles and make a wish !
the whole family was here to celebrate , it was a good birthday .
[male] 7th birthday he waits in anticipation .
he 's happy when he unwraps his gift.he says thank you , thank you !
a patriots jersey from grandpa . [male] wants to be a football player he eagerly says here .
blowing out the candles . the cake came from the cake boss bakery .
there i am with my oldest son [male] , my niece [female] , my brother [male] and my step son [male] .
this boy is opening up his birthday gifts but he has to read the cards first .
he is so happy to get the legos he wanted .
he also get a new jersey that he puts on immediately .
he blows out the candles .
the whole family poses before they eat the cake .
it was [male] 's birthday .
the whole family was there to help him celebrate .
grandpa and sister [female] were very happy for him .
his mom baked him a wonderful cake with whipped cream icing .
he made a wish quickly because he was excited to eat the yummy cake .
everyone gathered for the awards ceremony .
the director gave an introductory speech .
the director presented the award to mrs. jones .
mrs. jones gave a speech accepting the award .
the director posed for some photographs after the ceremony .
the event was getting ready to begin
people stopped for pictures upon entering
the speaker stood waiting to make his speech
he spoke confidently and well so everyone could understand .
afterwards , everyone went to meet and great him .
the event drew a large crowd .
the speaker was photographed with the advertising poster .
he spoke for several minutes before taking questions .
there were several questions from the audience .
a few people stayed afterward for one on one chats .
i randomly walked into a building for something else and was caught up in the action .
it was an event for a charity that i did actually care about .
here are the leaders posing for a photo .
one of the leaders taking questions .
here is when i figured out what the even was about .
i got to attend the ceremony this year .
while there i got to talk to the key note speaker .
he was very informal and had a great approach that drew the crowd in .
the speech was a good one and i learned a lot from it .
there was time at the end of the speech to talk to other people .
the kids were hard at work waiting for lunch to start
school started early on a friday
when lunch started , they split into teams to play soccer
once lunch was over , the kids had to go back to class even though they didnt want to
the kids began working on the writing assignment
hard at work on their writing skills
bikes are the universal school transportation
everyone together to start the day
taking a break from studying for a picture .
children everywhere love to smile for the camera
it 's nice to see how the money we give to the school gets put to good use .
the school has been a great for the local children .
we were able to get a group picture of the students .
the children gather everyday for an assembly .
there hard work is already being seen in the way they are learning .
writing in their notebooks .
primary block school sign .
class picture with the big kids .
class picture with the little kids .
learning how to read and write .
the missionary group is very proud of the work they 've done in education .
they named the school `` primary block '' as it is a primary school .
the students love to take group photos .
sometime the children are tired as they have many chores at home .
even so , the education they are getting is very valuable .
at our annual club picnic , coach [male] volunteered to man the dunk tank .
we were all surprised to see his wife [female] sign up to try and dunk him .
[female] was throwing balls with a vengence . we all wondered if [male] had done something to make her angry . it was n't long before [female] hit the mark and sent [male] into the drink .
[female] then went and sat with her friends , they enjoyed a good laugh over [male] 's dunking .
some beautiful violin music capped off a great day for [female] . meanwhile , [male] was off changing into dry clothes .
people came and signed up to rase money .
some were in games and others brought food .
some were in charge of games .
others we participating in the games to help out .
at the end they met their goal and everyone had a great time .
organization organization held a festival to raise money for charity .
they had a silent auction where people could enter to win prizes .
there was a dunk tank where students could buy tickets to dunk their professors .
the event was well attended and everyone had a great time .
special musical guests rounded out the event and made it a memorable day .
today was a day of celebration .
there were many things to sign up for .
there were games to play much like this dunk tank .
there were many people sitting around enjoying the day .
there was live music to help make the party more enjoyable .
we made a booth to sponsor our organization organization .
many people looked to see what we were all about
we even had some fun games for people to play .
everyone who came enjoyed what we were doing !
we even had some people come to play their music !
people gather to protest in the streets .
lots of people gathered with the signs readied to protest .
the kids enjoyed some play time with bubbles .
many people slept in tents in the streets .
the people stayed in the streets day until night .
a lot of young people were protesting .
many of them were very dedicated to their cause .
there were many signs that the seeds of dissent are growing throughout the world .
there was in some ways a sort of carnival atmosphere .
but the media presence made it apparent that they were being heard nonetheless .
were here today to play a role in awareness of political issues .
my family had fun making these signs , we stayed up late drinking coffee and eating cake .
that't my son [male] , he 's very talented at blowing bubbles .
we set up these tents together it took us 2 hours but we got it done !
it 's so nice were meeting new people and some even offered us free tea and coffee .
i attended a protest in my city recently . here is a sign from one of the protesters .
this sign asked why 20 million people are dying from starvation when companies are making hundreds of millions of dollars .
kids lightened the mood by blowing bubbles and having fun .
some very dedicated people camped out to make a point about many people not having a choice but to sleep on the streets .
people stayed very late at night and news reporters paid a visit .
the rally was a success , here is a woman supporting the cause .
her are people camped out ready to promote their interests .
at one point people started wearing masks and holding up signs .
these young kids also had a fun time while playing with bubbles .
this man stands in front of an nos sign to help prove his point .
the troop .
our spot where we setup our tent .
run forest run
acting a fool .
flags flying high and proud .
our boy scout troop went to the highland games !
we brought our tents so we could camp there .
and then we dressed in kilts , sort of , to fit in !
we watched an adult try the caber toss .
then we got to try it ourselves . it 's tough !
before the big camping trip , we had to brief everyone on the sops .
here 's a photo of the boys setting up their tents .
after we set up camp , we hosted the first annual boy scout olympics .
chet was having quite a hard time with the limbo .
there 's always been so much patriotism in the boy scouts .
the group of campers listened to instructions from the leader .
they went out and set up their tents .
the boys ran races after setting up camp .
the day was spent with all sorts of fun activities .
the campers saluted the flags and took them down at the day 's end .
everyone had gotten together for the day out in the forest .
they pitched their tents which is where they would be sleeping .
after they setup they did some activities , which included a race .
the parents cheered the kids on at the finish line .
the flags flew high over their campsite .
we took a road trip !
we saw some beautiful local sites .
we stopped for lunch .
so many choices and the food looked delicious .
i got the soup !
we saw an amazing fountain .
but we also had to get some work done .
then we relaxed at a local eatery .
visited a local market .
and we saw the amazing city .
it was a beautiful day to be outside
the water fountain was beautiful outside
they were having a family outing here
the food was smelling delicious
finally some lovely tasting soup they enjoyed
they finally reached our destination to location .
their hotel was beautiful and featured lovely fountains and architecture .
there were many outdoor shacks around the hotel too !
around the city , they visited numerous outdoor markets .
they decided to try as much new cuisine as they possibly could before they left .
the trip to location started off on a beautiful day .
the architecture around was breathtaking .
the restaurant was very welcoming to tourist .
there was ample opportunity to try exotic foods .
the soup was a great choice that was n't too out there .
vampire hunters ! yeah , that 's what my friends and me did in my spare time this summer .
we woke up early , right after sunrise and got dressed in our gear .
we were afraid at first , but my friend [male] taught us to master that fear by making a face that looks really tough . thanks [male] !
we found the vampire lair on our first try , but i was really scared and decided not to go in .
so instead we took photos of the surrounding landscape and got the heck out of there ! besides , only weirdos believe in vampires . am i right ?
four friends go on a hiking trip .
the goal is to reach the peak of this mountain .
[male] thinks of a plan to get them there .
[male] leads the way !
he makes it to the top !
hi , i am [male] and i like taking pictures in black and white .
see behind us , it is actually a blue sky and green grass .
see [male] , he just looks so much more serious when i shoot him in black and white .
it is such a great day out there today and look , no graffiti on these walls .
now , if i could find a organization 's out there i would be so happy to stay here another week in black and white .
we went to the mountains to hike .
the site was very remote but scenic .
[male] was fascinated by the emptiness of the region .
i , on the other hand , wanted to go home .
though the trip was ok , i celebrated when it was over .
some people prefer black and white to color photographs .
especially this family ! they always go for black and white !
[female] wonders why a person would even consider a colored photo .
the man looked eerily on at the people using colored photographs .
wastelands do n't look nearly as empty with color !
khalid always demands that we go to protests , even if we 're not participating
men and women lined up , both ready to rebel against the leader .
the children always get caught in the crossfire sadly .
this man 's car was almost flipped when he tried to drive through it all .
the police rolled in and everyone began to clear out .
politicians mingle with their constituents .
freedom of expression is worth more than gold .
the right to protest should be allowed to all .
peaceful assembly should be guaranteed to everyone .
life is good when one participates .
there was a celebration in town , and everyone came down to see what was going on .
everyone was excited to see what type of events would unfold .
some people came through with a banner , and we were hoping it was the start of a parade .
more and more people kept coming , and it started getting hard to see what was happening .
some people started to head home , and we thought that might be a good idea for us too .
the middle eastern people stood in the streets
one by one the lined up in the city
children and adults alike
some drove in cars through the streets
they were there to protest against laws they did n't accept
the parade started down the street .
the crowd looked on excitedly .
the parade has lots of cars and people walking .
the crowd grew bigger through the parade .
the crow watched the end of the parade .
practicing with the band for an upcoming show .
tuning the guitar is an essential part of the hour .
the same is true for the drums .
the sound equipment gives so many more options .
here 's a name brand that 's relied on by many musicians .
our band decided to get together on friday and have a practice session .
one of the members bought us a new amp to try out .
this is [male] playing the drums while we finished up our second song .
[male] had a great time playing the guitar .
we did 5 songs all together , we were exhausted by the end of practice .
today the band decided to get together and practice .
we took some great photos to add to our flyers for our upcoming concert .
we had to make some adjustments , but in the end we got it all together .
we even bought a couple of new items to help make our music sound more clear .
we are enjoying our new crate equipment .
the lead singer purchased a foot pedal for the band so they could expand their sound .
they purchased a new amplifier , too , so they could perform at larger venues .
the first practice with the new gear went great .
everyone was really happy with the band 's new equipment and how it made them sound .
a neighbor heard them practicing and hired them to play at her upcoming party , and everyone was excited to perform live !
my brother and his band got together to show me some of their new music .
my brother plays a really good bass guitar .
his friend adds great beat with his drumming abilities .
the sound system they have is very good and adds tons to the music .
crate is the brand of electronics they use for their music .
contestants on the reality show never know quite what to expect .
challenges are constantly handed down , and contestants must always be ready for anything .
food challenges can sometimes be very off-putting !
a few of the contestants unwind after a grueling day .
when the winner of the day 's challenge is announced , she is happy to enjoy her reward of a trip to a spa .
big brother is a reality game show that throws total strangers in a house to compete for money .
there are sometimes twists and turns in the game , like having to dress up for competition .
some of the house memers are very different from the others .
people fight over beds because there are n't enough in the beginning .
the women gossip and talk all day since they do n't have phones , computers , or tv .
the friends went to an exercise class to limber up their bodies .
while they were in the class , a maid came to make up their beds .
after the class , the friends had a healthy meal .
the friends then got their nails done .
at the end of the day they relaxed in a spa .
doing a little stretching to get ready for the exerciese session .
so relaxed after stretching that the teleported to some clouds .
the biggest guy in the crew trying to show off
one of the friends had a mental breakdown and just started destroying the room .
friends trying to ease and calm down the person after the mental breakdown
the children were performing their satanic ritual without a hitch !
when suddenly the two angels who watch upon earth became horrified and abandoned the struggles of humanity .
suddenly satan came up from hell and demanded sacrifice .
the children all struggled to find out who would become the sacrifice . there was a bloodbath .
eventually [female] was chosen . ending our final chapter in the human race and bringing on 1000 years of darkness .
[female] is a holistic healer and certified naturopath .
she has developed a line of essential oils that address many health concerns .
[female] 's husband [male] helps [female] sell her line of organic oils online .
[female] and [male] go to great lengths to accurately explain how and when to administer each different oil .
their hard work and attention to customer service have led to ten years of successfully trading online and have helped them to achieve some of their financial goals while doing what they love .
[female] finally ordered her e-cig .
it came , and boy was it pretty .
she had many different flavors .
she hit it for the first time .
she was happy with her purchase .
it was a bout time i cracked open my computer to work on selling my vaporizor cartridges
i highly recommend people get on of the new , pocket sized vaporizors , my cartridges work great with them .
these are the cartridges i plan to sell online
i thought i should take a seller profile picture for my account , but this one looked a little wierd
i settled on a simple self portrait picture for my sellers page , now i 'm ready to work !
when i wake up in the morning i am excited to start the day
first i organize the medicine that i have to take
then i say hello to my husband in the kitchen .
he is working hard on the computer selling items on ebay .
we 've been doing that for 10 years , and to day is our 10 year anniversary with ebay !
working on setting up my new business .
the vaperozier that i will be selling
all of the different fluids that can be used in the device .
taking a little hit off the vaporizer to ease the pain .
look it works and now i am very happy !
got ta love christmas gifts from gramma !
woh , that 's a creepy thought at christmas .
very specific instructions for a gift .
oh , i see .
oh gramma and your notes on every gift .
it all started with a simple card .
and a box filled with gifts galore .
a doll to keep me company in case i get lonely .
a bag of googly eyes so i ne er forget that their are people watching me and watching over me .
a sweet treat to celebrate all that life has to offer .
i was so excited to receive gifts for my birthday !
i started opening the box and was astonished at the amount of gifts .
my best friend knew i loved link !
i even got a laugh at the bag of googly eyes .
last but not least , there was a delicious treat !
preparing a box to ship christmas gifts .
gift one , hint its dangerous to sleep alone take this .
gift two , hint stick this on everything ...
googly eyes packet .
gift number three .
i was given a late christmas gift from someone that i am very close with .
in that gift included cards and many other gifts .
to go along with the cards , i also received a toy link .
i also got little eyeballs to glue to sheets of paper .
the last thing i got were delicious little cake treats .
the kids posed for a picture while we were at the park . it was a cloudy day for the park though .
the kids get along well . i 'm quite happy about that .
i tried to teach them how to learn to ride bikes today . boy is it tough to balance 3 people !
after the riding was over , i felt that we deserved some relaxing time in the pool
we were lucky enough to see a rainbow at the end of the day .
oldest cousin [female] was happy that her mom and dad hosted this year 's family reunion .
a little rain could not melt the enthusiasm of the children .
everyone had fun racing through puddles .
uncle [male] brought out his bicycle built for two and delighted the children by offering rides around the block .
when a rainbow appeared , the children set out in search of a pot of gold .
my brothers kids were the sweetest kids in the world .
out get to gethers in the summer were always fun .
they loved racing down the street .
my brother loved the bike that i got him for his birthday last year .
when we looked to the right we saw this , i think it was sign from the man upstairs .
the family went on a weeks vacation together .
mom and dad took the kids to a local playground right outside their condo .
it started to rain , but that did n't stop the kids from riding their bikes .
dad even brought out the double bicycle for some father-daughter fun !
as the rain cleared up , we were left with a beautiful rainbow arching right over the river front .
we had a lot of fun playing at the park .
we we so tired from the park we needed some snuggle time .
then we went for a bike ride .
after our long bike ride we cooled off in the pool .
a rainbow was the perfect ending to our exciting day .
the stage was set for a great volleyball tournament .
as they prepare for volleyball .
he jumped well above the net to spike the ball on the opponents .
it seems as though the champions were good sports in the event .
the food served at the family day looked quite delicious .
this was our first beach volley tournament .
the whole family got together and prepared very hard for the event .
we left the younger ones do all the work !
we got defeated by the team in orange , but this did not spoil our fun at all .
the competition ended with a huge barbecue !
today the teams had their volleyball game .
they were playing volleyball to raise money .
the players spiked the ball really well .
at the end of the game the teams got to stand in their winning spots .
after the ceremony , the teams got to eat outside .
the volleyball tournament was heated and made everyone nervous .
shirts were even made to depict which team may rival which
there was a lot of confusion about the rulings of certain plays
but ultimately the white shirt team won trimphantly
the white shirt team was victorious and therefore got to eat for the night while the other team starved
the two teams are playing a volleyball match .
ready and waiting for the serve .
blocking the shot , and scoring the winning point .
the winners .
ready to eat after the game .
my family and me took a trip to location last summer .
there were all kinds of fascinating ruins to explore , like this massive archway .
we saw art and heard traditional music . it was a blast .
everywhere we went , we found historical sites that blew us away .
the trip was a blast , and we learned a lot about culture and art from the location and period . it was wonderful .
visiting the ancient city , there was lots of strange buildings .
some of the buildings had pictures and explanations of their history .
this is the remnant of an ancient coliseum .
there was also beautiful artwork on some of the buildings .
a picture of the surrounding landscape at midday .
we took a tour around the city
and were able to see historic sites .
we saw historic churches
and a museum .
we checked the map to help guide us .
our hotel on vacation was in the perfect spot to sight see .
the ruins we found down the road were stunning to look at .
this painting looked brand new and flawless to us .
i walked back a bit to get all of this ruin in one photo .
reading the history of the place was fun and interesting .
the family went on a tour of the city .
they saw all kinds of old architecture .
there was also all kinds of artwork .
some of the buildings are sold they are falling apart .
the buildings have a lot of history .
we had a meeting to organize .
then we made banners to aid in our demonstration .
we took to the streets .
we also played live music .
finally everyone went home .
all the entries into the art contest have been received .
the friends and family members get a chance to admire all the great artwork .
the young artist wait patiently for the decision .
a winner by unanimous vote .
the victory dance .
the overseas trip was very rewarding .
the local people made signs that described the project 's values .
there was plenty of time for dance and play .
we learned how some tools were made .
we also got to tour the village .
the board members wrapped up their final meeting before the event .
the rally was held the next morning .
many people came to represent their beliefs .
there was live music and dancing .
afterwards , everybody cleared out for the day .
story telling time was always fun for the children
they read stories about dinosaurs and hospitals !
they wished for a world where the stories would come true
so they began protesting . hoping nature itself would heed their demands .
in the end they just made nature angry and they called down a plague of shoddy pictures
i got free tickets for the game so i rounded up the kids to go to the stadium .
we had awesome seats and had a great view of a lot more than just a ball game .
we saw a dancing fish who acted like a complete nut .
even the players were being silly , dancing around on the field .
by far the craziest thing we saw was the donkey in the suit named gw .
today , we got to go to a baseball game .
the kids ' favorite parts were the mascots .
they liked the one in the suit best .
[male] bought some cotton candy for [male] and [male] .
we all sat together and watched as our team won the game .
the family had tickets to a baseball game on friday night .
my mom , sister and brother went to the game .
while there , they saw one teams inflatable shark .
they also watched the players stretch .
at the end , the other team brought out their funny inflatable donkey in a suit .
we were excited for the big baseball game . we had our tickets ready to go .
we found our seats and settled in . dad took this picture of us .
the opposing team 's mascot was trying to rile up the home fans before the game started .
the outfielder made sure to stretch before the first pitch was thrown .
just before the 7th inning stretch someone brought out this inflatable character .
finally got the tickets for the game .
nothing better than baseball and family
crazy mascots
and crazy players .
is that a donkey running for president . hmmm
it was a perfect day for baseball .
the friends managed to get into a vip box and get some freebies .
the benches almost cleared for a fight .
a crucial moment in the game , it was tied with one inning to go .
after winning the game , the hitter was interviewed .
many fans attended the organization organization game this year and saw the memorial wall .
as they entered the stadium , they could hear the cheering get louder .
the stadium was packed full of happy fans .
the game was very exciting for everyone , and very exhausting for the players .
finally , the game ended and all of the fans started to make their way out .
there is nothing like being at the baseball field .
the crowds fill the place .
the team is nervous .
the bunt is a success !
everyone wants to interview the star player .
ready to enter the baseball game .
the game is about to start .
players are entering the field .
the winning home run .
captain of the winning team gives interview to reporter .
the redsox stadium is a historic place .
many fans have been excited to see the players enter the field .
the stands are regularly filled with cheering , expectant people of all types .
every play is cheered or booed , enjoyed and bemoaned .
after the exciting games , players give interviews to the press so that fans who could not make it to the stadium can enjoy the aftermath of the excitement .
today we celebrated my father 's service with a memorial day parade . this is him from his time of service .
he was dressed sharply and had a great time being recognized !
he had all of his medals that he earned through service .
the parade included great music and a lot of people from different backgrounds .
finally he got to reunite with a some of his old buddies . this meant a lot to him and really completed the day !
we are proud of our nation 's heroes .
they come from all walks of life .
they are young ,
they are old .
thank you for your service .
the soldiers pose for a picture
the veteran 's posed for pictures wearing their medals
the fought hard and served their country for these medals
it was a celebration for them
and they enjoyed the celebration
sight seeing the country side day one . a much needed day off from work .
it 's always nice to meet a general . he smiled so proudly !
all those medals he was awarded . bravery , duty , and ranking .
the fire marshal band played on in the streets for hours .
the men just getting out of the pub . this day ended with a soak of my feet in the tub .
[male] was a general in the army
because of his good spirit he was given many medals of honor
these medals of honor are from service to the location
marching band bugles serenaded him when he came back to the location
he is celebrated for keeping his unit in good happy places
upon arrival the first thing we see is the beautiful inviting lodge .
the weather was perfect for a day on the slopes .
on top of the mountain we soak in its glory .
once down a brief moment of reflection happens to see where we came from .
say goodnight to the hills we will see you tomorrow .
some friends took a trip out to the ski resort .
it was a beautiful day out on the slopes .
the sun was shining and the powder was great .
the friends had an amazing time skiing and snowboarding .
as night fell , they headed back home to their warm beds .
we arrived at the ski lodge .
we immediately took the ski lift to the top of the run .
the view at the top was beautiful .
the run was n't particularly challenging but it still was fun .
that night we ate and drank to our heart 's content .
we finally made our way to the resort !
the resort had a beautiful view and lots of snow !
it was perfect for skiing . we made a lot of runs down the mountain !
there were n't many other skiers either which made it more fun !
at night time the mountain and town looked gorgeous and perfect .
the [male] family arrived at the ski lodge for their annual family ski trip !
after checking in they went out on the balcony to observe their views !
all unpacked now , they headed out to the mountain to ski !
they stumbled upon a race track , and the kids enjoyed racing down !
after a long day on the mountain they piled into the car and headed into town to find dinner .
our day at the beach . we love each other .
a huge rock just sticking out of the water .
a very cloudy day but still very nice .
the cliffs are scary .
woh , had to get these birds , what a great shot .
the couple decided to go for a hike in the forest .
here they are hiking down the forest path after just getting on the trail head .
they stopped to marvel at the beauty of the ocean from the trail on the edge of the cliff .
then a little ways further along they noticed the birds hovering in the sea spray .
then as their hike was ending they saw a banana slug , the mascot of their [female] mater .
we went for a hike and
crossed a wooden bridge .
we stopped to overlook a cliff
and watched as the waves crashed .
we saw a fish washed up to show .
today we are going to the woods to find something mysterious .
we put this bridge up so that it would be easier to get by here .
look way down there ! is that something mysterious ?
i 'll jump down to get a better view . maybe i can give it a name of my choice .
oh wow ! look at this . this looks mysterious . let 's call it [male] .
could you get any more romantic than a stroll on the beach ? only if you draw your names in the sand .
then you 'd have to walk along on a perfect day like this and admire the craggy rocks .
you 'd spread out for a moment to search the beach for shells and things .
we dug in our secret spot to bury a capsule .
and before we left , visited the cliff that looks down on the crashing waves .
[male] 's daughter came with him to the marathon .
[male] had practiced hard and was ready for the race .
[male] lined up with the other participants .
[male] ran for miles .
[male] crossed the finish line in a little under an hour and a half .
it was the day of the paper discovery duathlon race .
[male] posed by the starting line before the race .
[male] smiled as he waited for the race to begin .
[male] ran as fast as he could .
he made it to the finish line in just under an hour and a half . great work , [male] !
the event was a challenge for all .
the starting line would soon have dozens lined up at it .
there were people from many places that attended .
the course was scenic and relaxing .
the finish line crossers felt great for their accomplishment .
i was so excited for the duathlon , i had been training for months .
i arrived at the starting line and felt my nerves growing .
i lined up at the front and steeled myself for the run ahead .
i gradually relaxed as i began running the race .
i finished the race with a personal best time !
mr and mrs. [male] smile right before mr/.roger races .
mr. [male] poses right before he starts his big race
after the race all the participants take a group picture .
mr. rogers take place in a fierce race . this is the final straight away !
mr. rogers finishes first . he had the competition beat by a mile .
the sleepover for the girls was a blast .
they did their makeup and hair .
they even took silly selfies .
the dog stayed in the room and played .
the teddy bear was the best part .
here is a pot with flowers we planted a few weeks ag0 .
we have more flowers to plant because our dog dug them up .
this is our pet dog , rex . he likes to dig .
my sister and i love flowers , and apparently so does rex , because he `` picks '' them .
it might be better to have a pet like this bear .
these two girls really have a lot of fun together .
blowing out one 's hair can be great fun !
she took the term blow out to the extremes !
all of the girls have big smiles for the camera .
`` please let me introduce you to my best friend , mr. panda ''
the girl was very happy about the new bear she got .
she got ready to go to the mall with her sister to go and buy it .
she even took a few goofy pictures .
the girl also wanted a puppy ! but she already has a big dog !
in the end she was still very excited about the bear !
the girls spend time taking pictures of the things all around them .
they find beauty i the plants .
they also love to take pictures of their dog .
the dog does n't like it as much .
so they decide to pose with a stuffed animal instead .
i 'd been working on the dam for two years now and it felt so great to see everything finally come together .
it was definitely one of the most elaborate projects that we 'd worked on in the past .
there were a series of bridges over it to optimize travel for cars .
the bridge also had an area for people to walk across to see the view .
i have to say , as fun as it was , i 'm glad it 's finally finished .
i was so excited to visit the location location last summer .
first i had to cross this enormous dam bridge .
and climb these huge dam stairs .
i saw a pretty sweet dam mosaic .
watch out if you visit , though . there were a lot of long dam drops .
the hoover dam is an amazing structure
the dam is massive and holds the water
the damn holds beautiful pure water
the guests check out the view on top of the dam
many people come from all around to visit the dam
the view from above the water dam is amazing - you can see much of the wall .
the water flows underneath the bridge .
up the stairs leads to the clear blue sky .
the black and white circular display sits in the middle of the floor .
the day ends a tour of the inside !
we went to visit the dam for our trip .
the structure itself was very big .
it was interesting to see the purposes of the dam and it 's function .
there were a lot of other visitors there as well .
we had a really great time visiting the dam .
people are having a reunion .
they are having a great bbq .
the feast goes on into the night .
then people start to get a little drunk .
then they dizzily look up at the stars .
getting the grill ready for the bbq while camping .
the food is now ready and it was very tasty .
its getting dark and its time for the fire .
we built a nice toasty fire and roasted marshmellows .
the view of the stars while camping was amazing .
they had planned a cookout and get together with friends
they enjoyed many great foods and conversation
as night fell they wrapped up the food part
they decided to build fires and tell stories
night fell and they settled into there night in the woods
my first family picnic
[female] setting up the barbq
the night life .
everybody must tell a scary story .
look at the stars , look how they shine for you .
the party was a lot of fun ! we were almost ready to do the barbeque .
[male] and [female] started up the coals and grilled the food .
by nightfall we all started feeling dizzy and fell asleep . we had constant dreams of being eaten alive and mauled .
the police arrived at the scene and arrested [male] and [female] for cannibalism .
we never forgot that night , many of us still lay there . looking at this night sky . forever .
somebody wants to go play in the fields
hey where 's he going
come guys let 's go with them
now what
i 'm bored . i 'm going back home & # 13 ; & # 13 ; & # 13 ;
he was soon joined by another puppy .
the puppy was very nervous about seeing his friends .
soon 3 of them were sniffing around the yard together .
the more puppies that joined them , the more fun hey had .
finally the whole group decided to check out what was on the other side of that fence .
[female] the beagle went outside to play .
soon , [female] was joined by a few doggy friends .
bored , the pups sniffed around looking for something to do .
[female] remembered that her owner had left the garden hose turned on , leaving a big mud puddle in the yard .
[female] and her friends made their way to the mud puddle for a fun afternoon of splashing !
the new puppies were already becoming curious about their new surroundings .
this little one seemed to be a bit apprehensive .
soon though all of them seemed to get comfortable .
they sniffed around taking it all in .
they seem to like their new home .
my beagle had a litter of puppies !
they all have different colors and markings .
some are brown and white and some are black .
they all like to play together in the back yard .
they especially love to chase the water from the hose .
my family and i were walking down the street to meet one of our favorite actors .
my daughter was so excited to see him .
both of the kids were so happy that they had finally met him .
dad also got to meet an actor that he liked .
afterwards , we had a nice little dinner outside , the breeze was nice .
zanith had been planning his infiltration of the nyff since the day he landed on this planet .
he was here , this was real , he was making his first contact with a representative , and for some reason , there is a man that keeps taking his picture .
two women approached , no doubt subconsciously drawn to his space stench , and the cameraman was delighted to take their photo .
after an evening of illuminating discoveries , zanith found himself famished , so he decided to find some food ; and low and behold a man with a camera showed up ; how do they know ?
trying to enjoy his meal , a woman suddenly sat beside him and began asking questions that seemed a little too coincidental . a man took his picture again , and zanith wondered if he had chosen the right mission afterall .
walking through the convention showed me things i did n't know existed
my wife accompanied me and also had a great time .
i was stoked that there are excellent trade shows in my area .
i even met an old friend from work .
we dined that night and then had a great time .
the awards ceremony was a lot of fun .
we got to meet some very talented people .
there were also some famous people there as well .
once the ceremony was over we got to go out on the town .
while we were out we stopped to have some conversation and drinks .
we had a little get together today to catch up with old friends .
[male] came down and had a blast . we chatted about the good old times !
[female] and [female] came by too ! they are such sweet girls .
afterwards i had to leave to get to a restaurant , as i was having a date there .
the date went very well !
the husband and wife arrived for their honeymoon .
they went for a walk through the city .
then they arrived at the beach .
then they went swimming .
the husband likes to take pictures of the wife .
we took a group trip that started off with a fun day of sightseeing .
next we explored the beautiful beaches .
after unpacking we decided to take a swim and enjoy the beach .
later on for dinner , out hotel recommended that we try out organization al peso for fish .
the selection of seafood was overwhelming and we picked out a delicious dinner .
our hotel in location was so convenient !
the hotel was right next to the beach walk .
there were so many places to take photos .
the ocean was clear and blue , great for swimming .
even my wife could n't wait to dip her toes in the water .
the resort was in an amazing location .
the sidewalks were wide and pedestrians enjoyed exploring the city safely and away from the traffic .
happy couples could be seen everywhere , enjoying each others company and the beautiful scenery .
the beach was incredible with bright blue water and majestic mountains in the background .
even those who were there alone were happy .
here 's the first picture from our weekend in location !
followed by a stroll down the beach to get ourselves acclimated .
a nice portrait of us with the beach behind us .
the water was beautiful and warm .
and we made a new friend .
the guys went out train spotting .
they found a caboose .
then an entire train .
it was a long one .
it even had engines on both ends .
we arrived at the train yard ready to see some antiques .
and we were not disappointing . the old trains were gorgeous .
we had to wait while some newer models past .
the foliage was amazing .
finally we got back in the car , and headed back home .
we went to the old train yard . here we are just getting out of the car getting ready to go and check out all of the old trains .
here is the one i came to see . it is like looking at an era gone by .
here is one that is a bit newer . it was passing by as you can see because of its lights .
here is my buddy taking a picture . he is kneeling down to get that nice low angle .
another one passed as the day went on . thought it was neat how so many trains are still in use even though the tech is so old .
[male] and [male] had just bought a new car !
however they were always much more interested in owning a train
they often stopped by the tracks when they heard a train come by .
the looked in awe , and took pictures of their passions .
trains are so much better than cars anyways .
the men were excited to go train sight seeing .
they came across a really cool black train .
there were also cargo trains that carried goods .
the men took pictures to document their experience .
the trains were really impressive and massive .
a select group of employees travel abroad to visit their company 's headquarters .
while there , they are able to meet with their company 's ceo .
their agenda includes sightseeing , as well .
they are able to visit many cultural landmarks during their trip .
most importantly , the trip allows the employees to learn about one another and to increase their team spirit .
everyone discussed the new asian history book .
we found a nice place to eat and discuss culture .
the professor showed us different landmarks .
we saw an asian version of a social network with 300 million members .
we had dinner in an old fashioned chinese resturant
our class took a trip overseas to study for a week .
our teacher over there explaining some things to us .
my friend posing in front of a classic temple .
us walking down to get a better view of the statue .
most of us at a bar that night catching up .
a group went on a trip to location .
they met up with a tour guide who would take them around the city and teach them about the culture .
the first activity planned was visiting historic buildings and taking tours inside .
after , they got to explore the city and see different landmarks .
after a day of exploring , they got to end the day by going out to dinner to enjoy some chinese cuisine .
today i got some of my friends together to go to a special place .
we were able to talk to a very informative person .
the building looks like no other i have ever seen .
the statues were amazing and we took plenty of pictures .
at the end of the day we all gathered to talk about what we had seen throughout the day .
we 're on a mission and ready for vacation .
the buses arrived to take us to our destination .
the employees were tired and looked of frustration .
while passengers settled down ready to leave the bus station .
and there i was stuck in contemplation .
the old busses that run down mission st are iconic in san francisco .
construction workers rely on them .
even business workers .
the trolly 's are also popular .
they are a staple of san francisco .
the trolley is a fantastic way to get around .
there are always plenty in service .
they are operated by the best people in the business .
it offers convenience for all walks of life ...
... and allows you to travel in comfort .
i just moved to this town and had to find a way to work .
these trollys look like theyll do the trick .
i met one of the drivers . he was really nice .
there are alot of different types of people that use these to commute .
i think i 'll like taking the trollys . i see myself making many friends this way .
john took a tour of the city .
[male] looked out the windows as the drive drove .
he watched the people around him .
he found there was hardly anyone in the car with him .
he had a very fun trolley ride .
watching and observing .
starting to make some pottery .
the inside view of the pottery bowl .
skilled handwork involved .
putting some final touches on .
two ladies are crafting a bowl .
the lady is starting to make the bowl with her machine .
more crafting continues as she masters the art of creating a bowl .
putting the final touches on the beautiful bowl .
the bowl is finished and ready to be sold .
3 friends absolutely love to make pottery
one friend was showing the other how to shape it .
if done right , this is the end result .
the friend tried shaping her own and it was a struggle .
but , in the end , she learned how to do it and now practices striping the pottery with a pinbrush !
once upon a time , [female] taught [female] how to make potter .
[female] actually picked it up fairly quickly , and was on her way to becoming a master .
her hands expertly shaped the outside of her project .
and then her hands expertly shaped the inside of her project .
she continued this until her project was finished and her ball of clay had transformed into a magnificent bowl !
[female] decided to take a class at the local pottery studio .
she started out with an unformed hunk of clay on the pottery wheel .
she began shaping the clay with her hands while the wheel started to spin .
as the wheel kept spinning , [female] 's masterpiece began to take shape .
in the end she formed a beautiful bowl which will be fired in the oven so it can dry .
we attended the graduation .
the crowd was ecstatic for the graduates .
the dean gave a wonderful send off speech .
everyone was so happy to be graduating , you could feel the elation in the room .
we 're so proud of her for graduating , congratulations !
this was the day we 've all been waiting for .
here comes the major of promotion with his flash card speech .
we did not expect that many people to show up .
the dean of students made a speech about hard work and success we will remember forever .
this student really made his wife and child proud of him that day .
the children had done it , finally graduation day !
the children all crowded around to congratulate themselves , and their peers .
the graduated children awaited for their names to be called , to receive their certification
some of the children had been given special certification due to their excelled excellence .
[male] stood their looking proud , finally , with his certification to be a organization agent with a license to kill .
she was the first in her family to graduate from college .
her family was extremely proud and many of them traveled far to attend her graduation .
several dozen students from her class were graduating .
each time a student crossed the stage , the audience broke into applause .
afterwards friends and family gathered around to offer their congratulations .
she was almost ready to walk across the stage at graduation .
the crowd was excited .
first , the keynote speaker gave a speech .
she proudly walked across the stage .
her family was incredibly proud of her achievement .
we decided to go off-roading last weekend .
we took the jeep up into the mountains and saw some amazing scenery .
partway through the day , though , the clouds got kind of threatening .
[male] looked at the weather and decided that we had better go back .
so we drove down a back road until we got home .
[male] was a rock enthusiast .
he drove up to the mountains alone
to get a good look at nature
and find some new rocks to add to his collection .
he was quite satisfied with this trip and brought a bounty home .
for a getaway we rented some 4 wheelers .
i took a minute to get the stared and we drove to the top of a mountain .
we drove them through the woods .
i found a rock and headed back up a hill .
we stopped to enjoy the view of this amazing mountain .
the man loved adventuring with his atv .
he got to see beautiful views of mountainsides on his vehicle .
the vehicle took him to places hard to get to , like canyons .
he even found old beaten rock trails to traverse .
he passed many mountains , hills , and grassy plains .
we went 4x-ing on the rocky trail in the mountains . it 's a really bumpy ride in .
once we got off the trail the views start to get good . we got off for a little while .
some clouds came in at one point ; still gorgeous though .
we got ready to head back home , got a good break in there .
the way back is some thin wheel tracks for a trail . it 's a lovely adventure to go home too .
these are my four grandparents .
my moms parents are a bit more laid-back ; they believe shoes , pants and dresses are optional .
my dads parents are a bit more old fashioned and usually never remove their shoes in public .
the women in my family like to have a glass of wine or two .
the men in my family like to boast about who did what back in their day .
a few couples met up to enjoy some drinks together .
they tried several different types of wine .
they spent some time catching up and hearing about each others lives .
the men had a great time and cracked a few jokes .
the women laughed and joked back .
on saturday , the neighbors had a block party .
some of the neighbors were old friends .
some of the neighbors were just meeting .
all the neighbors had a good time talking with each other and drinking .
at the end of the party everyone felt like old friends .
it had been a long time since all our aunts and uncles got together , but they were finally all at the party .
my aunt [female] and my uncle dixon were there first .
my uncle raoul also joined the party with his wife hoopla .
hoopla and raoul had a great time talking to my wife , organization .
at the end of the night , we played a game of truth or dare and learned far too much about everyone .
the family reunion brought together the sisters and their families .
there was champagne flowing all day .
everyone was content with standing around and rehashing the past .
the guys had fun without their wives .
the wives had even more fun without their husbands .
today was [male] 's first day of school .
[male] showed off his new bag that we bought him .
[male] was a little nervous at first ,
but when he saw the playground he was a lot more excited .
when we came to pick him up , he wanted to remember his first day .
the little boy was excited for his first day of school .
walking to school was going to be a great adventure .
he got a little nervous and so he held his mom 's hand
once he got to the playground at school , he was very excited again .
school was going to be wonderful .
getting ready to send my son out to school
on his way to school looking very happy
a very proud mother
he was so excited to see the lines on the playground for some reason
waving good by was very hard .
happy and smiling on the first day of school .
big boy is as tall as the fence now .
first day of school picture memory .
excited about the play ground .
picture in front of his new school .
[male] is finally going to school !
he worked with his mom the night before to make a lunch and pack his crayons !
he is so excited and not even a little scared .
he made it ! he 's so excited to see they have a playground .
`` turn around and smile for mom . '' his mom says as he rushes off to school .
here is our sister pausing to show her pearly whites for the camera .
he party was enjoyed by all who attended !
here is the father and son showing love and gratitude !
the women in our family have come a long way to be living this well today !
the happy man makes his birthday wish and blows out the candles !
the local bakery did a wonderful job on dad 's cake !
everyone had a smile for the big party .
that 's my dad ! getting a hug from his son .
dad gets his birthday kiss from mom .
dad gave it his best effort and got them all !
the group of friends gathered around
they took pictures and conversed
hugged each other and talked
many different generations came together
and he finally blew out his candles
son in law wife 's birthday party . she is 50 but tells everyone she is 40 .
son in law with beautiful wife . they have 3 children here in location and one in college in location .
my father and son in law . it took 3 hours to cook for this party .
that is me and father . he is joking around saying it should be his birthday .
he was not supposed to blow the candles out but he did and still it was a fun day !
[female] was so happy to host a birthday party for [male] .
all the friends and family were there .
when the guest of honor arrived , he was very happy .
even some of the older relatives were there .
[male] blew out the candle on his cake , so he will have good luck !
today was the proudest day of [male] 's life .
he was promoted to a higher ranking within the organization and had worked hard to get there
his whole family was present for the ceremony .
he thanked everyone for their support and praise .
he was now the leader of a well formed team of marines .
[male] made chief ! here is the ceremony . dad pins on [male] 's anchors .
the new chiefs ' sponsors prepare to give them their new covers .
[male] about to receive his new cover .
placing the new cover on his head . now he 's a chief !
the cohort gathering for a photo ! job well done !
i attended a promotional ceremony for this officer .
the officers received their awards
and new uniform items .
it was a very emotional situation
and after everyone posed for a picture .
it is important to make sure everything is put on the correct way .
there will be many people here to watch the ceremony .
it is important that we look professional because there will be people taking pictures .
after the ceremony it was time to depart from our class mates so we all said our farewells .
we did manage to get one last picture in before we left .
the man was given a higher up position in the navy .
it as a very special day for everyone .
his hat was placed upon his head .
the two men hug in happiness .
all the new higher ups posed on the boat .
in the woods , there was a broken tree .
there was also a bug .
there was some water by the rock .
the leaf was dead .
and there was a berry .
nature is truly amazing , this tree has been in the park for almost 100 years .
on the tree , some insects have made a home .
as we continue down the path , we see even more trees that have been around for hundreds of years .
many insects such as this one have made their homes in this park .
not only are there animals in the park , there is an amazing view as well .
that beauty of nature in all its glory
an insect seems to be trying to eat the plant
the colors of nature are truly stunning
a wild flower or plant of some sort
there was a little lady bug in nature
one of the many obstacles found along the trail .
nature was everywhere , here is a praying mantis i found on my hike .
this was a great place to get enjoy all the simple beauty of this world and reflect on life .
wild berries added a pop of color to the greenery of the area .
my view as i headed back down the trail towards the beach .
the forest is a dangerous place .
sometimes there are giant insects , just hanging out , pretending to be plants .
i 'm pretty sure some kind of eels live in this water .
even the ferns are coated in blood .
avoid poisonous berries at all costs . do n't go to the woods .
for our friends roadtrip we visited here .
we made our way to the waterfalls
then took a swim .
after our activities we visited a bar for some drinks
and watched a band play .
a family prepares for their vacation .
on the way there , they pass a sign that warns of dangerous cliffs .
eventually , they arrive at their destination -- location location .
the family finally sees what the sign warned of - many big cliffs .
before leaving , they decide to stand at the edge of one of the cliffs to see the beautiful view .
they were headed east for the trip
into the river 's they went onto their trip
they enjoyed a good swim in the river
than the met up at a party that night
they celebrated with drinks and different types of fun
the family made their way to the caveside
there were cliffs around and they had to be careful
they had found their way to the cayman islands , but there was no cave .
instead they were greeted with illustrious plants and large cliffs
the cliffs were hard to climb , but they were fulfilling !
we all pose with a man and his horse at the beginning of our vacation .
we look forward to hiking dangerous cliffs .
we are having a lot of fun on the location location .
we hike the white cliffs .
we take a moment to enjoy the views .
we had to park a long ways away from the stage .
the line was not too bad when we got there though .
some of the members of the band met with audience members before the show .
i even got to see real life hippies !
now its time to rock out !
here is the lead singer we enjoyed seeing perform .
we enjoyed the music from afar .
the surrounding trees in nature was relaxing to the whole group !
the mixer used for the show was as big as the crowd !
after the show we mingled in the crowd .
the music festival was a hit .
the crowd was willing to stand for hours .
outside the venue , some took a break to walk and stretch .
the sound guys did a great job .
the weather was nice and permitted a day of carefree fun .
we were all going to the summer music festival .
there were a ton of people there .
for a while we lost each-other but it was still a lot of fun .
there were so many bands , and with no assigned seats sometimes you could get close .
it went well into the night . long but fun day .
a female artist performing at the concert we attended
there was a nice crowd
walking through the hiking area that was near the show
the huge soundboard that was backing the wonderful show .
lots of people that were very friendly who showed up
we gathered at the beach with family and friends for my brother 's simple beach wedding .
he arrives with his soon to be wife whom he has known since their high school days .
they were wed in a solemn and simple wedding ceremony .
a few pictures were taken after the ceremony .
the reception was at a nearby beach house with close family and friends .
a few tents were put up for our friends wedding .
their parents and their family attended .
they had the most beautiful vows i had ever heard .
the children gathered to take a family photo .
the bribe got the groom a superman inspired wedding cake .
there was a wedding at the beach today .
the groom and the bride wanted to do a nontraditional wedding .
here they are exchanging vows .
afterwards they took pictures .
everyone seemed like they had a great time !
everything set up for the wedding and it is ready to start .
the two gather hands and get ready to say they vows .
they hold hands and the preacher says the lines to make them married .
they take a picture and are happily married .
they come in and all have a drink and get ready for they married lives .
it was a beautiful day for a celebration .
the couple looked stunning on the beach .
the beginning of a long and happy life together .
after the ceremony , it was time for pictures .
the family got together after the ceremony for more merriment .
we got to see the storm troopers on the field today !
they even posed with the local cops !
the fans got a kick out of the storm troopers on the field .
we enjoyed the cotton candy !
in the end we got a good picture of the troopers and our favorite player together !
the stormtroopers arrived to the event
people began to notice and take pictures
then the troopers make their way to the stadium
people continue to follow as they guard things
after they were done they posed with a cutout of david beck .
the stormtroopers met up outside of the convention center .
they were excited to show off their costumes .
one of them wanted to take pictures at the stadium .
they all enjoyed displaying their costumes .
everyone had a great time at the convention .
storm troopers waiting for game to start .
two officials pose with two storm troopers .
storm troopers leave the field for the start of the game .
a fan eating cotton candy at the game .
storm troopers and the soccer star pose together .
at the organization organization soccer event , there were robot looking guards .
we took a picture of the robot guards next to regular guards .
they took the kids on a tour of the field .
during the game we got to eat cotton candy .
the winner of the soccer game took photos with the robot guards to give to their fans .
it 's halloween ! time to get dressed up and ready for fun !
people carve pumpkins and decorate to get ready .
friends dress up to party and hang out !
all sorts of costumes ... even adults want to trick or treat
getting late ! one last pose with mom to end the night
on the beach we have set up a simple tent and balloons for our wedding .
dressed in casual attire my finance and i stroll on the sandy beach as the waves crash behind us .
we hold hands and recite our vows , pledging our lives to each other .
after the ceremony we frolic in the cool waves and leave footprints in the wet sand .
after spending time on the beach we go inside to cut the cake and celebrate with friends .
we went to a halloween festival today .
everyone showed off their cool pumpkins .
here i am with my friend .
we took a few pictures with people dressed up as stormtroopers .
here 's my friend with her kid dressed as [male] !
i had great fun last weekend for halloween .
we decorated pumpkins and made them look adorable !
here 's me and my friend . she was a zombie , i was a whore .
here 's the whole gang ! star wars was a big theme this year .
here 's my sister and her son . they had a blast .
there were lots of pumpkins at the carving contest .
even some ones that violated copyright agreements .
we dressed in silly costumes .
there were even star wars guys .
the little boy loved the star wars guys .
the climbing wall was being set up .
the dog looked up and wondered what was going on .
a person was coming down the rock wall .
another person was climbing up .
soon 3 people were climbing up the wall .
i attended my company 's picnic last saturday . we played some volleyball .
they had a few playhouses for the kids .
the best thing was the climbing wall that they set up .
everyone wanted to try climbing it !
we had a race to the top . it was really fun !
as part of [male] 's birthday party , the family decided to bring in a rock climbing simulation piece .
the whole family was excited , even sparky !
it was a lot more difficult than it looked , a lot of us just could n't reach the top quickly enough .
even when we tried to climb up slowly , it was harder than it looked .
everyone was so determined to reach the top , that we all even had a race to the top !
our neighborhood held it 's annual labor day block party . i came early to set up the volleyball net and other activities .
we had a castle bounce-house for the kids , and a fun inflatable slide to keep them busy .
we also rented a large rock climbing wall . we had the company we rented it from set it up for us .
it was such a hit . the kids had so much fun .
i even got to try . i made it to the top !
today i ordered a rock wall . the whole family was there .
my dog [male] [male] was wondering what in the world was going on !
first up was [male] to test it . he went so far but fell short .
next was [male] . he did n't make it far . it was funny .
last up was location , [female] and location . they all made it to the top ! this rock wall is so much fun !
we all got dressed up for today .
everyone looked so nice , so pretty .
the band warmed up and were ready , they sounded great !
and all the guest piled in under the tents .
to watch our daughter and son in law renew their wedding vows . here 's to the happy couple
our friend was getting married today .
the bride was nervous for her big wedding day .
a small duo played before the wedding ceremony .
after the wedding , a group of friends had a nice dinner .
many of our friends took pictures to remember the day our friend got married .
a happy gentleman waiting for the festivities to start .
the woman of the day is waiting .
the musical entertainment for the event is performing .
a happy couple is watching the event .
the main couple enters the room , while everyone watches with happiness .
everyone dressed really well for the wedding .
the bridesmaids all wore red dresses .
there was even live music !
the groom and his mom posed for a photo together .
then the ceremony began .
the groom is ready for the bit day
so is the bride .
the musicians are warming up .
friends are in the audience .
here we go !
a boy about to celebrate his 5th birthday waves happily .
a gathering of family is together to celebrate , drinking non-alcoholic beverages .
the boy 's aunt reads him the birthday card while his sister listens .
the boy receives a gift he 's going to enjoy playing with .
finally it 's time to blow out the candles on his birthday cake and celebrate another year of life !
it was [male] 's 5th borthday .
all of his friends gathered to celebrate .
he blew out the candles and made a wish .
mom helped him read his cards .
he opened his presents and was happy to have the car he wished for .
my son is turning 5 today .
our family is celebrating with a fun party .
here he is making a wish and about to blow out the candles .
my wife reads a birthday card to him .
he is very happy with all of the gifts he received , especially this one .
today was [male] 's birthday ! he 's five years old !
we had a party for him , inviting family and friends to help us celebrate .
we decided to open presents before having cake . he received a card from his grandmother who could n't be there .
he was excited for all of his gifts , and very thankful too !
afterwards , we had sang to him and let him blow out his candles ! the cake was delicious and we were quite pleased with it !
this is my cousin who is now 5 years old .
he had some friends over for his party .
after opening his presents , we presented him with a cake .
we read him some of the messages written on his cards .
my cousin seems to be very satisfied with his new gift of toy cars .
we went to the water park today for his birthday .
he had a great time at the park , and on the swings .
his grandparents came as well .
here comes the birthday cake , served by mom .
time to blow out the candles and make a wish .
the family gathers for a birthday .
celebrating the milestones for the youngest members .
and after cake , what birthday would be complete without a trip to the park ?
the swings are enjoyed by some ...
while others run on water !
little boy at a water park enjoying the water .
other kids on the swings and looking hot .
family takes a quick picture on this sunny day .
older woman brings cake out .
the little boy takes a picture with his granny turning 80 years old .
four generations of men , from toddler to great-grandpa , gathered to celebrate the young ones birthday .
the festivities began with a birthday cake at home .
then everybody headed to the park to play .
the birthday boy was strapped in to his seat for fun on the swings .
wrapped up the trip by playing in the fountain .
today i took [male] to the water park . he played so hard .
while [male] played in the water i played with [male] on the swings .
later on i held a small party at my house . grandpa [male] , my husband [male] and [male] and [male] were there .
aunt [female] made a cake ! it was heavenly !
grandma [female] and [male] blew out the candles on [female] 's cake . we had so much fun eating it .
having fun with the love of my life .
enjoying a nice dip in the pool with the perfect company .
on the way to the beach saw a crashed truck being salvaged .
thankfully no other incidence as we went for dinner at the location location .
stood on the beach as we watched the sunset together .
[female] settling down in the hotel room .
[female] and [male] posing before the entrance to the park .
[female] and [male] relaxing in the hot tub after a long day of sight seeing .
an elevated view of the hotel grounds and surrounding area .
fish are n't big enough in location , trucks will do though .
welcome to location , known for it 's oilfields and cattle . wait , why are we here ?
wall to wall clouds . the perfect weather for a dip in the pool with a guy i met five minutes ago .
we took a trip to the beach . more clouds and some construction . just perfect .
at least this was kind of fun . dinner served by monkeys and a rain shower halfway through . it was like being outside actually . sigh .
oh okay , so it was n't all bad . that guy turned out to be really nice . here we are enjoying a sunset by the beach . location might have been a good choice after all .
we live for travel .
whether it be resting by the pool .
or helping to build a beach , we aim to see the world .
we dont need fancy hotels or dinners .
we just need each other .
having fun in location in various places today , we did the location stage at night .
earlier that day we were in the pool by our hotel .
this was done at the beach , we left because weather was getting bad .
this is us at location location .
at night we went out to the beach again since the weather cleared up and had a nice romantic end to the day .
the fourth of july is something americans celebrate every year .
fireworks are blasted off of many shapes , sizes and colors .
most cities put on a display for everyone to watch when it gets dark on the 4th .
the excitement of the colors and the noises are what make fireworks fun .
the finale of the firework show is the best part to watch .
every year we gather for the annual 4th of july fireworks display .
this year they out did themselves with the flaming white lights .
they lit the sky up like giant sparklers .
some looked as if they were shooting flames .
the finale is what had me in stunned silence .
the first firework to go off at the show was spectacular
then they showcased another one
they kept show these brilliant fireworks
as the show went on , it got more intense
finally , they ended with a mind blowing firework show .
at the fireworks show i was amazed at the amount of them this year .
this firework of a solid white color was truly dazzling as the light sparkled out .
these quick short bursts provided for quite a light show .
the series of colorful blasts seemed like the finale as it lit up much of the sky .
many of the fireworks such as this one had very unique shapes .
the family went to their favorite annual fireworks show on july 4th .
the show had purchased amazing white fireworks that made a thundering noise when they blew up .
they also displayed fireworks that blew up into shapes like a cross .
however , everyone 's favorite firework was a bright white one that streaked across the sky .
the grand finale was nothing short of spectacular , with bright colors , loud bangs , and overwhelming applause .
this is a building in location .
on the fourth of july they let off fireworks from their building .
the fireworks are very unique they look like they are exploding from the building .
sometimes the fireworks just come from the top of the building .
the city around the building really enjoys this display of fireworks that is very exciting and unique .
we decided to go into the city for the new years eve event .
it is supposed to be the city 's most spectacular firework display ever .
we were amazed to see fireworks cooming off the building .
the building looked like it was exploding .
it was the most amazing fireworks display we ever seen it lived up to our expectations .
location had their annual firework show last week .
the tallest building began shooting out orange and blue fireworks .
it was followed by red fire raining out of the top of the building .
then a golden stream of fire began shooting out .
finally the building shot out its finale fireworks .
at the show the building was very tall
then it started to amaze us with a firework show
it continued for quite some time
we were having fun watching the display of fireworks
the last one they showed was truly breath taking .
everyone is gathered at the bottom of this tower for the fireworks to start .
the fireworks start with beautiful yellow lights .
following the yellow fireworks , there are bright red ones .
after that , there are lovely white fireworks going off .
as the fireworks come to an end , the fireworks dwindle down .
we were so excited to have some fun .
we saw the lights from afar and knew we were near our destination .
the illuminated ferris wheel off in the distance was call our name .
we had finally arrived at location location .
it was a great night and there were a lot of people as we were leaving
is there anything worse then a boat ride when you are sea sick ?
he forgot to tell his friends that boat rides are not the best thing for him . he gets sick in the bath tub .
although the views of the shore are beautiful and almost make up for the seasickness .
who can resist feeling bad after seeing such a happy face .
still he is happy as he stumbles off the boat and makes his way home .
[male] just remembered he had tickets tonight to the grand opening of the amusement park .
he waited on line with his friend [female] .
they took a boat ride to get to the park .
the gate of the amusement park was lit up beautifully .
[female] and [male] walked around looking at all the rides .
he is holding his face because his tooth is aching .
the bridge at night is a lovely sight .
we are touring the city by boat , and the ferris wheel looks awesome .
the entrance of location location is quite interesting .
the streets are very active at this time of night .
[male] was hungover and did n't want to go to the fair .
walking the illuminated bridge got him in the mood , though .
the sights were beautiful from a distance .
up close the entrance gate made a powerful impression .
eventually , [male] left the fair feeling satisfied and glad he 'd gone .
[male] and i decided to take our first date downtown to the big fourth of july show .
the fireworks were excellent ! this was over the water .
huge fireworks that seemed to last forever .
during this big bright one we kissed . it was amazing !
the grand finale was quite american and beautiful . we kissed again under this amazing sky art .
we attended the independence day fireworks show .
it was a lovely , clear evening .
the moon was out and the stars were bright .
the firework show started small .
by the end of the show the fireworks display was awe inspiring .
my friends were at the fireworks show tonight . the beginning of the show was brilliant .
next , the fireworks let off from the bridge and lit up the river .
then there was shot of fireworks that went in every direction , almost creating a rainbow .
after that there was a barge that let off fireworks . the display was so brilliant that it reflected off the river .
finally , the grand finale . there were so many things to see that you did n't know where to look . it was so beautiful .
mom and dad went out to see the fireworks .
it was always exciting to see the sky light up so bright .
some of the fireworks were bigger than anything we had ever seen .
it got so bright sometimes you thought it was day time alerady .
the big finish filled the sky with color and sound , really making for an exciting time .
the couple at the fireworks took a selfie to remember their experience .
beforehand , the harbor was silent .
the fireworks began with a beautiful constellation of white lights .
the colorful fireworks followed shortly , though .
the grand finale was a magnificent end to the spectacle .
it was the 4th of july and we were ready to go watch the most spectacular firework show around .
there were many fireworks that had amazing colors .
some of the fireworks were very loud and scared us like this one .
some of the fireworks made no noise at all , but they were still pretty .
the grand finale was great . there were many fireworks let off all together which made for an intense show .
our family loves to watch fireworks .
we had the perfect view of all the glowing brightness of the event .
we had decided to watch from the hotel balcony .
i think the view was stunning and we made the right choice .
the last few fireworks that went off just topped our night off beautifully .
boom ! boom ! boom ! the wonders of a fireworks display .
the designs an colors of fireworks are mesmerizing .
some look like crystals .
others look like pom-poms .
the finale is always the best part of a fireworks display .
there are many different kinds of fireworks going off tonight .
some of the fireworks are multi colored .
one firework looked like a giant star in the sky .
one of my favorite designs are when the fireworks look like a big circle .
the night was beautiful , the fireworks were great . even the dwindling fireworks looked lovely .
on the fourth of july , everyone on the street enjoyed a spectacular firework show . here is the fist of many .
these ones were cool because they spit out what looked like doughnut sprinkles .
this one looked like the organization organization organization blew up .
somehow all of these kind of fireworks had such a loud boom they set off all the neighbors car alarms .
this was the beginning of the end ... a spectacular finale .
we waited for the sun to finish setting before the fireworks began
the city looked beautiful when all the lights are on .
the fireworks began with a beautiful blue display of lights .
things started to intensify when the grand finale began .
it was a great night with lots of great fireworks .
we decided to go in the city to watch the fireworks display tonight .
we decided to take out our boat that we have docked by the pier
the fireworks show started .
we decided to get closer so we could have a better view .
the fireworks display was stunning we were disappointed when it ended .
the city 's skyline lit up at sunset .
the glow of lights decorated the harbor .
fireworks were set off as the city celebrated .
the boats gathered in the harbor to watch the fireworks .
the grand finale glowed bright as day .
downtown is getting ready for their firework show tonight .
the sunset looks like it 's getting everyone ready for a beautiful show .
once the sun goes down the fireworks start .
they are mostly red this year and light up the sky like it 's on fire .
the finale is exceptionally bright and included flames !
the view from this area is great .
at sunset there will be fireworks .
the fireworks were amazing .
there were many different colors during the show ,
the grand finale was simply breathtaking and everyone had a great time .
location is beautiful , but it is most beautiful at night .
the pictures of the eiffle tower are the best i have ever taken .
i tried to get as many shots as possible because i did n't know if i would every return to the city again .
this shot will keep us satisfied for years to come .
i plan on having them framed and matted for gifts to those i love
it was time to celebrate our new years .
we headed off to the event .
there were many pretty colors .
this tower was very large and looked like it went on forever .
it was a great night and a new years party i will never forget .
last weekend we went on vacation to celebrate new year 's .
we saw the location location and it was covered in lights .
it was very tall .
we were too scared to climb up it .
happy new year everybody !
there are different ways to view the tower , this is from far away .
the closer we get , the more vibrant the colors get .
as we near , it is becoming aware just how tall the tower is .
upon entering , i took a picture , and the height , as well as the colors , left me in amazement .
i had to take a picture as we left , as a momento of our trip .
it'a always been my dream to see the location location .
as we walked down the street towards the tower , it shown beautifully against the night sky .
when we finally arrived , looking up at the massive structure was breathtaking .
the more i looked up to the top of the tower , the more excited i became that i was going to head to the top .
at the entrance we were greeted with a happy new year sign above the doors .
the day of fair rides starts with the shirl-a-whirl .
it 's so fast it 'll make your head explode .
next up is the hatchet . the g-force is so strong most people pass out .
and then , the mega bumper cars . broken bones are the norm .
last , the scenic view of the beautiful cascades on the ferris wheel .
i have always wanted to ride a ferris wheel .
i got the opportunity this spring to finally go on one .
as i looked up i got a bit fearful .
in my mind i thought i was going to get dizzy like i was on a fast ride .
it felt like i was on a ride that kept spinning and spinning .
my family and i spent the day at the amusement park .
we went on a ride that spun us around .
the next ride took us upside down .
we relaxed on the bumper cars .
we ended the day with a slow ride on the ferris wheel , where we could enjoy the view .
[female] was so excited to take a trip to the fair !
his favorite ride was always the organization organization . he was n't scared of heights at all .
riding the wheel was a thrill he always remembered for the whole year until the next year 's trip .
this year , he decided to also try the tilt-a-whirl .
that was a big mistake . the world spun around for hours after he got off that very fast ride ! he decided to stick to the organization organization .
the amusement park has many rides , including one that spins very quickly in circles .
one of my favorite rides is this one , where they increase the speed of the ride .
this one looks scary , we are waiting for our brave sister to get off the ride .
there are also fun rides during the night time that light up .
the amusement park is right by the water side , what a beautiful location for it .
we had finally arrived at location toy shop .
the kids loved to see that the train was coming .
what a surprise , organization organization is riding the train .
there were hard workers all over like these mice cutting cheese .
mrs. claus looking over some christmas inventory
i had never been to organization organization organization organization so i was excited to finally get to go .
the only way in was by train .
once inside we were greeted with goodies provided by location 's helpers .
the little animals were busy with the toys .
after we finished the tour we had to take the train out to get back home .
the north pole is lovely in summer .
a colorful toy train chugs all around .
elves with nut allergies should avoid this giant bag of almonds .
giant rodents impale the cheese .
even the colorful toy train looks unnaturally cheerful .
we are at location location location location where the family is going to enjoy the day .
we got on the train to go look for location .
an elf loading toys . the kids loved it .
watching the mice make sandwiches . kids got one to go .
kids got excited watching the elves make toys .
the whimsical world of organization organization organization organization is a place that everyone can enjoy .
they offer [male] the train rides for the littlest fans and parents alike .
mr. claus can be seen working around the factory .
his helper mice are all around and working to get the christmas toys ready for all the good little boys and girls .
before leaving , do not forget to stop by and see the elves who are always hard at work preparing for christmas .
today was my first trip to location !
there was sushi !
there was also some beautiful ocean sights !
the tram whizzed overhead .
the city bussled at night .
some passengers ride on the bus trying to make their way to the ocean .
the coast is rocky and has manmade plastic lining the side .
there are bridges for cars to drive over .
they are also currently working on the bridge itself .
even at night the bridge is being worked on .
the class trip is today .
the class voted to go to the ocean .
they drove over very tall bridges .
they got stuck in traffic moving slowly past a construction site .
finally they drove through the bright city lights at night .
the new app i got allowed me to tag people in a random photo i took on my bus ride to the beach .
when i got there , i tried some local delicacies involving fish .
i spent some time at the local jetty , watching the sea .
i then head back and waited for my bus under the overpass .
it got quite late before the bus arrived .
my civil engineering class went on a field trip .
we stopped by the ocean .
we observed rail and highway projects .
this was suitable for the engineering class .
i 'm especially fascinated by multi-layer highways .
i went to the market yesterday .
i wanted to set up my new motorcycle stand .
i had a lot of customers coming soon .
i set up on the pier .
i knew the boats would see me .
the mirrors reflected the sun .
my favorite was the green robot .
there were buildings with chinese writing on them .
the lady prop was my second favorite .
the toilet looked like it was a prop .
my walk around the japanese town was quite interesting . i saw a building with circular mirrors hung outside in a pattern .
there was a statue of what looked like an alien baseball catcher .
uncle [male] pointed at me from the roof of another building .
there was a balloon character with what looked like balls for hair .
i finally found a toilet but it was a unisex one so i was kind of cautious using it .
check out the mobile market .
they had signs on both sides .
i like the designs in location .
i ca n't read most of the signs .
while we were there we checked out the harbor too .
my friend and i decided to visit location .
there were interesting statues everywhere .
we had a great lunch .
my favorite character was there and looking great .
even the restrooms were interesting !
it was a great day on the beach with friends .
there was a carnival near by , so we visited it !
a lot of people were at the carnival .
they offered up some not so appetizing fare here .
there were the usual carnival games which we had fun playing .
my wife , my sister and her sister share a moment together after we arrive to the beach .
after leaving the beach my wife 's sister catches me looking strangely at my wife .
i get her back shortly after as her face can attest to in this picture .
once we were done with our picture taking fun i stumbled upon this strange ice cream recipe .
to my amazement after passing the sign my wife decided to try her luck at a game .
i went with my girlfriend and some of her friends to the beach .
she gave a slight smile everytime i attempted to tell a joke .
her friend on the other hand gave me a disgusted face .
we saw a sign for , clams , beer and ice cream . we decided to try it .
afterwards , we played some carnival games .
three lovely women are enjoying a day at the beach .
they have not seen each other in a while and so take a picture as a reminder of this momentous occasion .
they stroll along the beach area amongst a large crowd of people .
soon , it is noon and so they get lunch consisting of clams , beer , and ice cream . yay !
after lunch , they have some more fun by playing games and win some prizes .
i went with my sisters to the beach today .
we checked out the boardwalk too .
there was a band playing .
what an odd combination .
we played some games on the boardwalk .
so this is the place where it 's going to happen , at long last the end has come .
walking down the corridor i shudder with anticipation .
the architecture here is otherworldly , certainly beyond the skill of even the most skilled human craftsmen .
in the shadows , eery groanings lurch through dim doorways .
and in the center of it all , the fires already await me .
we entered the foreboding looking building .
once we entered we were greeted with a long spooky hallway .
the chapel was well lit , but old and rustic .
other areas of the building required candlelight to see where you were going .
we enjoyed our time in the old building , but were happy to see daylight because the place was quite spooky .
the door into the church looked like barn doors .
once inside , it was huge and made you feel very small .
there were rows and rows of pews .
at the other end , there were rows of candles lit on the altar .
there was another door leading out on the side of the church .
i checked out this old building while on vacation .
on the inside , it looked like a church .
this was what the ceiling looked like .
more church looking designs .
they were no lights so we had to light candles .
my friend and i went to visit an old church for my birthday .
i had always been fascinated by this building .
it was as majestic as i imagined !
we left the beautiful church at closing time .
what a wonderful way to celebrate my birthday !
the first thing we did on tuesday was go to a baseball game .
my wife ordered a classic soda and it was delicious .
we walked outside to admire the building .
near the field , we found a lush garden .
these sunflowers took a few minutes to find and appreciate .
we took in the sights of the city , so we went to the ball park .
then we went to some of the museums .
on our way , we passed some pretty flowering trees .
we went by this wonderful mote .
at the end of the tour we found these pretty flowers .
watching the baseball game from high up in the nosebleeds .
sharing a huge soda on our laps while watching the game .
the entrance to the stadium was vast and welcoming .
the garden outside was very well cared for and very pretty with its hedges and ponds .
the sunflowers were very pretty sticking their yellow heads out to be seen .
all good things come in the spring . going to baseball games .
having a organization at the game .
leaving the stadium inspired by your team 's win .
walking past the park on your way to your car .
seeing the flowers bloom in your yard when you get home and can take a nap in the air conditioning on your couch .
we use to love going to the baseball games every saterday .
we would sit in the stands drinking coke with our buddies .
it would n't seem like much afterwards but for fun we would de a little site seeing .
we loved looking at all the unique gardens .
my favorite was ending the day just looking at the sunflowers .
recently there was a rally downtown .
it almost reminded me of a circus .
the people were practically naked and had colored chalk on their bodies .
they joined together to fight for their cause .
the paraded up and down the streets .
naked protestors heading off to get painted .
the painted protestors march on and shout .
the protestors gather and decide what to do about the crowd .
the protestors decide to form a circle around the intersection .
the protestors then decide to take their whole show on the road and form a parade .
the nude pride rally was the first of it 's kind in our little state . it started out early in the morning .
there were many people in the crowd taking pictures .
the participants were n't many but they had colorful dye thrown all over their bodies .
they then held hands in a circle to represent their cause .
later , another parade went through town but these people were dressed .
the street fair in location was kind of weird .
the people in the parade were naked .
they walked down the street as a group .
then they stopped and did some kind of ceremony .
after the ceremony they continued walking .
the parade had many
who were naked .
they did not mind
because they were having fun
when the people came .
today was the day of the finals and i was nervous .
we started out slow because they defense was really good .
they even made some pretty good shots .
we were able to come back and make some god shots as well .
in the end this was the shot that made the win .
the boys were getting beat by the other team by halftime .
they started to make their comeback .
they scored and scored in the second half .
by the end of the game they had tied it up .
with one last shot they won the championship and felt as if they had won a long hard fight .
i was asking for a pass all game .
we could n't play defense well enough to win .
they made point after point against us .
nobody could block their shots .
we lost the game .
the boys basketball game was non stop action .
there was always a fast push to score .
defense was good so a lot of shots were taken .
the boys showed some great energy and drive to really win the game .
you could see the excitement and determination in almost every play .
the students were very excited for the tournament match .
these basketball players practiced long and hard for this moment .
the student tried for a layup shot that was crucial to tying the game .
the home team was delivering magnificent defense .
the competitive spirit of basketball was fully displayed at the exciting tournament match .
my sister han and i were in a large parade in our town . it was our first one . this is us .
my good friend lu was there , does n't she look beautiful . she was walking right behind us in the parade .
this was coming up the street behind us . i jumped out of the parade to snap a few pictures .
of a dragon first , it was so brightly colored ! i loved how it moved down the street .
the next dragon was so cool . it looked angry . it scared me badly enough that i had to run to the restroom ! !
i was able to go see the chinese new year parade this year .
watching the performers in the dragon were done with artistic impression
the chinese women showed exquisite beauty in their dance ,
the children loved the slow moving dragon down the street .
i was taken in by all of the attention to details on their costumes .
last week i had the chance to watch a festival .
there were many colorful dragons that were dancing on sticks .
lots of people there wore elaborate costumes .
some of the dragons were scary looking .
afterwards i realized that i had a great time and i ca n't wait to go again .
while visiting location we were able to see a little festival .
there were many different costumes there .
there were big floats of all different types .
some of the floats were colorful .
most of them were dark colored and very scary looking .
every year , i get dressed up for the neighborhood street fair .
there 's a tradition of wearing funny , wild hats . this year i outdid myself with my heart themed hat .
when i was little , bigsmile the clown used to scare me , but not any more !
the dragon also looks much less scary now that i 'm a teenager .
in my childhood memories , he 's very menacing . it 's strange to grow up and see things differently .
the fair was full of energy .
there were so many prizes to win .
many men and women wore costumes .
many of the performers were dancing to music .
we played games and celebrated life together .
the night of the local carnival was a great one , but there was no fish .
[male] and aki decided to remedy that the next morning .
they gathered a group and planned a massive fishing exodus .
at first no one showed up which made the friends sad .
in the end dozens of people gathered and fished tons .
the carnival was in town and could be seen easily at night .
small clowns made of glass sit for sale on a table . ornately colored and delicately posed .
a man wearing orange robes and a orange balloon crown talks to the crowd .
brightly colored pants are being worn over the man on stilts walking around .
a tossing target stands mocking the game players with a face through a sign stating hit me if you can .
i got to tag along with some friends to a local annual carnival this weekend .
we made sure to get on of the awesome baloon crowns everyone was wearing .
we took a group photo , it was silly .
we even got to take a small boat ride in between some of the rides .
we made sure the whole team got to be in the photo .
the first thing we did as we arrived at the carnival was to ride the ferris wheel .
soon after , we found a game booth where we had to hit toy clowns with darts .
as the day wore on , we met the king of the carnival . he was so funny !
the man on stilts made us feel short .
on our way to the car , [male] got behind the sign with the hole and we hit him with water balloons .
this district of location location is known for its colorful art and dance .
the buildings are painted in a way that can not be mistaken for anywhere else .
the location location is part of argentine pride .
even the dogs are happy to be part of this awesome area .
but the rest of the country , the sinister history post-peron , is not so gorgeous .
we recently took a trip to wisconsin , and the type of architecture there was amazing .
the colors that were used for the houses , reminded me of a carribean villa .
the way the tree is growing reminds me of an individual with bad posture .
our dog was not a fan of the bright colors on the building .
this road seemed like it went on and on for miles .
buildings in location were very colorful , even if they were old .
each one would be painted in bright vibrant colors .
it was never completely one color either . the stairs would be one color , the handrail another , and the side panels another .
sometimes they had color paintings on them .
yet there were places that did n't have any color on them . these places looked so run down , with rusted cars on front of them .
people walk in the streets next to an old building .
on closer inspection the building 's walls have an array of different colors .
a large and oddly winding tree gives contrast the the building .
a large dog sleeps on the ground in front of the building .
fence and forest lie on the road ahead .
that was one family that we met on vacation .
some of the buildings were very colorful .
that was the window that i looked out of at night .
our dog wanted in on the family time too .
we walked the trail to see where it went to .
i was riding the horse at the carnival .
so was my feature wife .
we sat and had lunch that day .
we saw this one animal so we tried to feed it .
there was an obstacle course in the water .
a husband and wife take a trip to a local amusement park . he has a blast riding the carousel .
she sits at a mini picnic table and eats her lunch .
next they feed a small beaver a celery stick .
the woman sticks her tounge out at the camera and it is bright blue .
the couple decides to go on a water ride and they have an excellent time doing that .
fun day at the fair ! silly rob ! !
i take a bit more decent picture : )
and have lunch .
rob feeds a little ground hog . oh my gosh !
and time for the big climb ! i am going to conquer this !
my girlfriend and i rode the carousel today .
she said it reminded her of her childhood .
during lunch , a baby beaver joined us under the shade of our umbrella .
i decided to try to feed him a french fry .
after lunch , we went to the wooden tower for bungee jumping .
the man acted crazy on the carousel .
the woman was happy to ride the carousel .
she had lunch at the park .
there was a pesky squirrel that would n't leave the lunch area so they decided to feed it .
the divers at the show were spectacular .
the extreme sporting event drew a big crowd this weekend .
they all came to watch extreme stunts being performed .
talented extreme sports artists flew through the air and show cased their talent .
the crowd all cheered and were entranced with their performance .
the most popular acts of the day were the bmx performers .
i went to the bmx show last weekend .
there were a lot of restaurants along the way .
i had a great time .
the stunts were very extreme .
some were very dangerous .
the plaza is brick and plants a plenty with a few people .
the building has blue awnings .
there is a man inspecting the ramp .
the motorcyclist takes a launch off of the ramp .
another launch , this time it appears as though the cyclist is jumping over the building .
there were many sites to see .
one of the best places to eat in the city was outside on a patio .
there were many people present at the event .
the motorcycle daredevil flew through the sky .
we had a great view of the rider .
while we were in location , we happened upon a stunt show .
it was n front of a beautiful old building .
the first person did the stunt on skis .
a skateboarder went next .
the most exciting was the bicycle rider !
today the family and i visited dc
little jimmy loved going on vacation and seeing new things
this is me and little jimmy posing for a photo
it 's the such a unique and beautiful building
this was the last photo i took on the trip
a family went on vacation together and posed for photos in front of a sculpture .
they rode the cities ferris wheel .
they were chilly standing by the water .
they enjoyed visiting all the cities monuments .
the children were having a blast on their vacation .
we took a photo op by that huge old anchor .
little [male] standing on the cobble stones .
mom and little [male] .
wow what a building !
up close ; those columns were huge !
i went to the ocean with my family for vacation .
we rode on this ferris wheel .
here is my sister and my little brother .
my sister and her little brother again on the steps of a government building .
this is my two little brothers at location .
the family takes a moment to pose next to a large anchor .
the young boy displays his cartoon charachter .
the family poses next to the ancient buildings .
the architecture of the building is contrasted against the blue sky .
the columns of the old building are exemplified .
landing gently near the edge of the water the gull thinks .
knowing with certainty that there is nothing left for him , he takes his final flight .
on he goes , out toward the deep green sea .
fly on , little gull , fly on in your desolation .
we too are no even more desolate after your departure .
giant snakes attack the prizes at the fair .
animal control officers import traps to capture the snakes .
seagulls fly the snakes out to sea .
the snakes are washed away by the tides .
and good citizens have time for tea .
while at the beach , i watched the lobster trapper prepare for work .
i was n't the only one watching .
the birds follow the trapper around .
they 've learned that they can get free food from fishermen .
it was a gorgeous day .
at the boardwalk , there were many carnival games and prizes .
there were many fish cages .
a bird messed up the shot of the beautiful evening .
the sunset was beautiful the first evening we were there .
surprisingly , we found our rental home had all the necessary ingredients to make a great meal .
many different carnival prizes are available for capture .
some types of traps are displayed here .
a bird makes its way across the bay .
the bay is seen as the sun is setting in the evening .
the kitchen is full of clutter and needs some organization .
an abandoned building is a popular area for people to explore .
it was not only a school , but a park for children .
inside of the building shows that it has been extremely abandoned .
old posters litter the floor of the building .
there is a mandate showing that they place should not be entered , but most people ignore it .
our visit to location in location was eye opening regarding the dangers of nuclear power .
there are many abandoned buildings that were evacuated hastily .
the decoration and interior remains in many of these .
even an abandoned ferris wheel can be seen .
most houses are still fairly intact even though it 's been a few years .
there was an old tank just outside of the deserted city limits .
the former housing buildings were old and decrepit .
the artwork was interesting inside the building .
an old ferris wheel sat 100 meters away from the housing buildings .
one could tell it had been a long time since anyone lived here .
an old wreckage of a town is seen here at this building .
grass grows over a decaying and aging bumper car structure .
the inside of a building is seen as abandoned and falling apart .
old left documents are examined .
a sign describing the strange scene is depicted .
as part of our tour of location , we decided to visit location where everything was abandoned .
the images were haunting .
the radiation had scared everyone away and the buildings were falling apart .
people had to leave everything behind .
i will never forget my visit to location .
all of us kids had a great day at the park .
riding in the tea cup was a lot of fun .
we found the train station . is [male] going to be late today ?
no , here he comes just in time .
riding on the train was a thrill and made me laugh .
we took the kids out to the carnival today .
they loved to ride all the rides .
they had so much fun together .
they even got to ride on a small train !
and of course , they loved the dessert we got them the most !
i took the girls to the amusement park today .
four girls , one cup .
this little boy thought the mannequin was surreal .
we saw a celebrity while we were there .
we could n't leave without taking a ride on [male] the train .
the young children are excited to start their adventure at the park .
they get in line for their first ride of the day .
the two share a pink and white tea cup and spin around in joy .
the children are overjoyed as they ride on the train .
now its time for a break and a snack of cotton candy .
this is a picture of my nieces and nephew .
we went to location location and they are riding the tea cups .
[male] is over the [male] looking at him .
here is [male] the train right before the kids got on to ride it .
look at their happy faces ! they love [male] .
we took a long trip to the city .
on our way we saw a cow on the road .
we kept driving and stopped for gas .
we saw some wind turbines on the road .
we finally reached the restaraunt where the reunion was being held .
heading into the city to find our vacation rental .
this was our turn for the place we were going to stay at .
the neighbors had their own cow for milk .
a series of coastal wind turbines to help offset the power costs .
one of the great sausage restaurants we ate at .
took a day trip into the city today for the first time in months .
i almost forgot how confusing some of the street signs are .
saw this pretty cow and it made me sad that it cant be free on a farm .
dont know what these things are but theyre pretty cool .
went to my favorite diner to end the day .
there was a ton of traffic .
they do not eat cows around here .
we had a great rental car !
somehow , the high tech winmills did not take away from the beach scene .
we found a great little cafe .
my vacation was an unusual one .
i did n't expect to see cows in the city .
we travel around mostly by car .
i was shocked to see when generators along the beach .
this is one of the restaurants where we ate .
the way this flower blossomed out the ground gave me a feeling of hope .
the kids were constantly bugging me to ride the ferris wheel , and the answer still has not changed , it 's no .
this corn on the cob was so delicious , i enjoyed eating it a lot .
at first glance , i thought this was a old rocket ship , unfortunately for me , it was not .
the booth owner was preparing for the crowd that would arrive to play the games .
i love going to the fair !
they always have the best food .
i like to try out all the different kinds of food .
even things i have n't had before !
and or course , i always have to end with dessert !
our annual festival offers something for everyone .
corn on the cob is always as a favorite .
as is the homemade chilli .
and who can forget the corndogs , not this guy !
while the wife goes for the fried ice cream . it does look delicious !
on a perfect weathered day , they make their way to the carnival and stop by the ferris wheel .
the corn is delicious and the first bite is underway .
the meat stew looks very tasty and inviting .
a perfectly fried corn dog with a stripe of mustard looks appealing .
some type of creme filled crepe with powdered sugar is a fine compliment to a night of eating .
the flower was pretty
and the wheel was big .
there was corn
and the people were happy
that they saw the stuff .
i have taken a few photography classes to improve my photography skills .
we are working on architectural details this time .
i got this shot of the staircase by laying on the ground .
this shot was take beside the christmas tree looking up the the ceiling .
the simplicity of design can be seen when you just stop to take it in .
while on vacation we stopped at some very nice places .
this place was amazing to visit because of their large clocks that were on display .
this building had some amazing stained glass .
this building was known for their stair cases .
the view from up here was amazing .
jay was so excited he got chosen for this photo project for work .
he was to take architecture shots of the newly opened train station .
the detail that went into design was easy to see painstakingly done .
the grand stair case was by far the best .
the humorous dog statue made me laugh as i exited . thinking to myself what a great job i have .
we arrived and were instantly amazed at the architecture
we then stood in awe at the stained-glass
then i looked up at this massive staircase of some kind
then we gazed at the ceiling in wonder
finally , i stood back to get a better view of the staircase
as long as i live , i 'll never forget my visit to the grand cathedral .
there was a huge inside clock tower , a wall of roses and windows that brought in the outdoor light .
the stained glass was unbelievable . i could have looked at it for hours .
the curved staircase to the alter , custom build , was amazing .
but nothing quite compared to being on the front alter , looking out at the seats and imagining what it must have looked like for the royal wedding .
today i decided to take the kids to location location location amusement park .
after we paid we entered the park . the kids were so excited to see the location statue .
first off we decided to head to the organization organization . we could see the whole park from up here .
then feeling a little braver , we tackled the roller coaster . wow what a ride !
the sun started to go down , so we decided it was time to head home .
there was once an empty park in the middle of the city that hardly anyone visited .
so the people of the city decided to vote on what to do with the empty space .
once the voting was done it was decided to turn the park into an amusement park , and the first thing they built was a roller coaster .
next they added several game booths for the kids and adults to enjoy between rides .
within a very short time the amusement park was complete , and all the citizens enjoyed the park 's fun entertainment .
we went to a carnival last november .
the carnival people had allready put out christmas type decorations .
the ferris wheel was huge
the roller coaster looked so scary i would not get on it .
luckily they had kiddie rides for the little ones and me .
we all looked forward to a fun day in the park .
we began the day with inspirational speakers .
the roller coaster looked rickety , which made it all the more fun .
the entrance to the park was inviting .
the arcade was overseen by [male] e cheese .
organization organization is a christmas themed adventure park .
santa claus stands at the entrance greeting visitors .
power tower features a large ferris wheel .
as well as a fast dropping ride and a roller coaster .
there 's even a children 's area for the families with toddlers .
we went to an amusement park recently .
it had a great steel rollercoaster .
we watched as others rode it and did the loop to loops .
they also had a very large wooden rollercoaster .
we walked through the center of the downtown area to end the night as the sun was setting .
we finally got to the amusement park .
we headed to the roller coaster first .
the kids wanted to go on a fall dropping ride .
after being at the park for a while we got really hungry and went to the dining area .
as it was getting dark we decided to go look for some live entertainment at the park .
last sunday we went to the amusement park to ride on some of the roller coasters .
we had a lot of fun . the roller coasters were very fast .
some of my friends did n't want to ride on the roller coasters because they were scared .
when it started to get dark we left to find some place to eat .
we decided to walk downtown where we might be able to find a restaurant .
the family got to the amusement park ready for some excitement .
the kids could n't wait to go on the roller coaster .
all the twists , turns and loops really made the riders scream .
even at night the park still looked exciting .
by the end of the night we were all weary but still going strong .
we were awed by the size of the coaster .
first riders take a sharp turn downward .
then they go upside down .
we saw an old wooden coaster too .
once it got dark we walked home .
we were excited so excited to arrive at location during the christmas break . it looked so beautiful all lit up at night .
once inside we stood and looked at the christmas tree .
oh look at the cute [male] mouse globe on display !
we decided to venture outside and enjoy the holiday decorations . the trees were lit up in different colors .
lastly we sat and listened to the display of caroling puppets .
my trip to organization was amazing ! ! ! here is the entrance .
i walked around for a little while and found this cool little island area full of water . you could actually walk down in the water but it was too cold .
there was a cool building full of neat stuff like this . it did n't move or anything but it was pretty to look at .
after i ate and walked around for a good bit of the evening it eventually got dark and the lights came on . this one was my favorite until i looked over to my right and saw a huge castle .
this castle ! ! ! it was so bright and beautiful i stood here for a good hour just smiling at it . i loved disney !
we took a vacation to organization organization organization at christmas .
when we walked through the lobby , we saw that it had been decorated with a tree and snowy scene !
we noticed stitch was part of the decor too !
we were amazed by the outdoor decor of winter wonderland trees .
the small world was n't decorated in christmas decor , but it was delightful nonetheless !
oh the castle is beautifully lit at night
this reminds me of location 's workshop
can i have one of those please ?
i want to live here because of the decorations
that 's it i 'm not leaving ... this place is fantastic !
the castle was illuminated at night .
inside , there were beautiful christmas decorations .
even the small features had a christmas hat .
it was a pure winter wonderland .
we really enjoyed seeing the penguins and snowmen .
we arrived at the park late afternoon .
the ferris wheel looked really awesome against the evening sky .
there were so many rides .
at night fall the park lit up with decorations .
we stayed to watch fireworks in the night sky .
we recently took a magical trip to paradise pier theme park .
it 's safe to say that my family did not enjoy the theme park as much as me .
we started by viewing the beautiful christmas tree .
in the afternoon , we took an exhilarating ride on the organization organization organization organization .
in the evening , we saw a live performance of my favorite movie , the little mermaid .
last summer we all went to the amusement park together .
they had one of the largest ferris wheels i 've ever seen .
many of the roller coasters had very long lines .
at night the entire park lit up like a christmas tree .
we had a lot of fun then .
we took the family on a trip to location .
our first ride was on the [male] ferris wheel .
we all rode the roller coaster .
in the evening , we enjoyed the holiday decorations in the park .
the evening ended with a magical fireworks display .
the family took their first trip to organization organization this summer .
their younger kids loved the ferris wheel and rode it several times .
the older kids jumped on the roller coasters and rode them until they were sick .
the family stayed until night , when the whole park lit up with lights .
they finished their night by watching an amazing fireworks show at the disney castle .
we went to location to celebrate the new year . we got there just as the sun was setting .
there was a parade with many bright floats - like this dragon .
then there was a light show that was very impressive .
and they capped off the night with the best fireworks display we 'd ever seen .
what a great way to ring in 2012 . happy new year !
the fireworks behind big [male] are a once in a lifetime thing to witness .
watching them celebrate new years in location has always been a dream of mine .
watching the fireworks go off around us is something special .
i like watching it from the hotel window .
we could even see what was happening across the location location .
i was so excited to see that this years fireworks show was going better than last when it rained .
the show never got boring .
the colors were so vivid .
wish i was up in the location eye , what a view that must be .
the finale was the best part .
the producer wanted to show the celebrations of new year around the world . here is location and big [male] .
earlier in the evening , the fireworks illuminated the bridge in location , location .
he allowed the viewers to guess the location of this beautiful shot .
he thought that the fireworks shooting out of the top of the tower was really sharp behind the tall ferris wheel .
the telecast ended as the celebration rolled through the time zones of location location .
the new years eve celebration was magnificent .
the chinese dragons moved through the streets .
the light shows and presentations were jaw-dropping .
the arcades and pavilions glowed with an unearthly light .
happy 2012 , everyone !
the abandoned amusement park ...
was super scary ...
this looks like it would make a great ...
backdrop for ...
a scooby do episode..
i went to the park last weekend .
no one was there .
all of the rides were broken .
the slides were in bad condition .
there was nothing that worked .
the fair starts to wind down .
the swan boat is brought to land .
the ferris wheel starts to come down
the giant slide is brought to the ground .
and no more rubber duckies to fish for .
the old abandoned park displays an aging swan model .
the guts of an old ride is seen .
an old gas pump is seen in the field .
bumper cars are sitting idle under a covered structure .
a slide into algae filled water is displayed .
at the abandoned park , there was a giant swan .
one could tell it had been a long time since anyone had fun here .
we saw an old gas dispenser and tried to get some gas out of it .
too bad the bumper cars did n't work anymore .
we thought about going for a swim , but the water was disgusting .
some farmers grow beautiful flowers , like these tulips .
some farmers produce herbs , and garlic , and peppers , and vegetables .
this farmer grows an amazing mustache .
all of these wares are available at the location location location .
at the end of the day , the farmers happily leave the city .
a couple of friends went on a trip together and visited a cafe for lunch .
they enjoyed taking photos of rustic buildings .
it was a chilly day near the water .
at night , they enjoyed the view of the needlepoint tower .
they could n't wait to enjoy the city life at night .
i went to the public market center today .
i 'm always amazed at the things i find there .
i 'm guessing this man was scottish .
this is the sign outside .
this city is really quite large and beautiful at night .
the market had beautiful flowers .
there were also many other fantastic products at the market .
there was also many interesting characters .
the sign is one of the most iconic signs in the city .
the city looks magical when lit up at night .
let us start our tour of the city at the local caf .
some of the buildings are old and have their own personal character .
even the bridges are gracefully arched .
there are new structures mixed with the old .
the city is a combination of the old and the new to create a vibrant tapestry .
a really large ferris wheel lit up at night .
a pagoda right next to our hotel room .
the view looking down the river from just outside of our hotel .
a local theater show , not really for me .
the sun setting slowly along the city skyline .
my wife and i decided to take a trip to visit location town . when we got there we were greeted by this great view .
after passing the ferris wheel we made our way to the large shrine at the edge of the town .
once inside we looked up in the ceiling to see quite the sight .
after capturing the ceiling we made our way toward the stage of the shrine where workers were beginning a ceremony .
finished with the shrine for the day i captured my wife smiling at the sunset against the wall .
the first thing they saw upon landing was the giant neon ferris wheel and they knew the trip was going to be epic .
they marveled at the unique architecture
they watched the sunset revealing the beautiful skyline .
they have booked a showing in the japanese theater and could not contain themselves as they watched in excitement .
finally the day came to an end as they watched the sunset .
the light display was fascinating .
the architecture is unique .
how they decorated the ceilings can not be replicated .
we attended a very entertaining show .
the city landscape provided a great backdrop .
a time delayed photo of the ferris wheel captures the colors and lights in circular fashion .
the asian castle is seen in all its splendor .
a lantern color display is seen inside of a building .
the traditional asian show starts .
as the sun sets on the city a woman takes a smile and poses .
i went on vacation last weekend .
there were so many unique buildings .
i had a lot of fun in the mall .
they had many unique shops .
in the evening i stayed in my hotel .
we arrived in the city for our tour in the morning .
the station was big , but pretty normal looking .
some of the buildings were so tall . we wished we could climb to the top to see everything .
the cathedral was beautiful and huge . the decorations were very ornate . this was our favorite stop .
as we were leaving we saw this mansion.we all wondered who lived there . it was a great day
i started off the day with some black and white photography before i got underway . finding the right shot was hard , but i did pull it off , getting the one i wanted .
from there , i switched to color film . working on my exterior shots , i found a bright orange , brick-worked looking building to photograph .
i then moved on , scouting for a site until i found just the right one . the skyskrapers looming above were a nice touch , and i snapped my photo .
i decided i wanted at least one good interior shop . the lovely architcture of a local building with it 's glorious columns served useful .
one final photograph for my portfolio of a more mundane exterior surrounded by trees would serve as the capstone for today 's succesful hunt .
the playing area had screens to keep from losing the balls .
there are over a million bricks in this building !
tall blue and white skyscrapers .
the inside of the church was like a canyon .
the house we stayed in .
we are starting our tour of diverse architecture .
some structures are plain with a few arches for embellishment .
now it is time to view the mall and its interior design .
sometimes the hangings look like giant christmas ornaments .
you can never tell what is inside a building when you look at the outside .
a family decided to spend the afternoon together in the city .
they rode the carousel together .
they then spotted a creature in the water .
it was a chilly day near the water , but they still had fun .
afterwards , they went out for dinner together .
we went out to eat for lunch .
after lunch we took some pictures and then we went over to the pond .
there were some ducks swimming in the water .
we had a lot of fun taking pictures there .
everyone had a great time .
the family decided to take their young child for a day of activities around the city .
first , they went on a merry-go around located near the park .
afterwards , they decided to visit the nearby lake where they saw turtles swimming .
the mother and daughter laughed and enjoyed the day they were having .
to end the day , the family met up with grandpa to have dinner .
this year our family reunion was a park in location .
the park had something for everyone .
the wildlife was interesting .
we were so happy to see everyone !
the day ended with a great dinner .
our family vacation to the city was great , little [female] had never seen such tall buildings .
[female] had fun riding on a carousal .
we even saw a family of turtles in a local pond .
[female] had so much fun she waved goodbye to the city .
we finished up the trip with a nice dinner with extended family at a restaurant .
getting on the merry go round with her mom .
getting on another ride with her mom .
eating a vanilla ice cream cone .
her dad won a pink alien for her .
finally went on a ride with her dad .
we took our daughter to the carnival today .
she had a great time on all the rides .
she loves going on the roller coasters .
and the carousel is another of her favorites .
we even won her a prize ! she had a great time .
the mother and daughter are both elated as they ride the animals .
the mother is excited to get on the next ride .
dad shares a drink with daughter .
dad wins daughter a pink alien toy .
dad and daughter pose together inside .
my sister and her daughter riding on the marry-go-round .
here they are again on the farris wheel , look how happy they are .
time to cool down and eat some ice cream with her dad .
she won the alien doll in a game that she played with her father .
here is a good one with her father and the alien waiting to get their food .
she is having a fun time with her family !
she loves riding in the pink car !
we all love riding in the ride !
she has fun riding the merry go round !
look at the toy he just got !
the city street is very crowed with shoppers and tourists .
the owners of the stalls are putting the final touches to organize their merchandise .
some stalls are selling vintage books .
there are also stalls that have fruits and vegetables .
the stands selling sculptures done by local artists are also very popular .
we went shopping for art this week .
we looked at many pictures and could not decide which one to buy .
so we ended up taking pictures of the ones we likes .
especially the colorful ones were interesting .
we ended up buying this piece as it reflects both of our interests .
my sister and i went on a tour of location this summer .
we visited local czech stores to see what they were selling .
my sister found a souvenir calendar she liked .
there was a produce stand that sold all kinds of delicious things .
at a farmer 's market i found this device , which i assumed was used as a mortar and pestle .
my trip was wonderful , even the day i spent shopping for souvenirs .
there were many things to select from to help me remember my vacation .
i liked this calendar with a picture of one of the historical sights i visited .
remembering all the great new foods i sampled made me want to take some home , but i thought i would have to settle for this colorful picture .
then , i found this unique nut cracker that i could take home as a souvenir to always remind me of my great vacation .
it is a great day for this family to go shopping .
there are so many choices of great foods .
it is always helpful to have an explanation of the foods .
the fruits and vegetables look so exciting .
and you never know what you will find at the store .
lord trash heap demanded all the people of psychedelic town obey him .
the people thought he was just kidding until ...
he brought out captain pumpkin head to threaten them with death .
and mr skull to keep them in line and
mr. dog to entertain him .
the sign was amazing how it came out of the wall .
i had to dress like a hot dog .
there was a lot of artwork there .
the skull was a fan favorite .
i liked the murals on the wall .
the halloween art show had some very interesting artwork .
we were able to walk through and see everyone 's art .
the entire building was full of halloween decor .
this skeleton was a great addition to the decor .
jame dressed up as a hot dog after the art show to pass out candy .
we decided to go to a well known goonies exhibit .
we got into character as most do .
the professionals were really in character .
it was actually a little scary .
the artwork was amazing !
if you are going to a party you may as well dress up .
there is so much artwork to peruse .
some faces are warm and welcoming .
other faces , like this crystal skull , are a bit frightening .
but this costume reminds us that is it lunch time .
on our summer vacation we got to ride this fantastic roller coaster which looks even more amazing at night .
we visited the palace which featured innovations by organization and organization .
once inside the palace we found a very tall entertainer and snapped a few photos .
we got to watch a organization organization copy-cat band perform .
after the organization organization performance they came out into the audience to give autographs .
there was once two regular guy who thought it would be a good idea to host a blue 's organization anniversary event .
they rented out a small space and began to clear out all the old boxes .
later that night as the event began , the crowd roared with excitement as the blue 's brothers appeared .
they spent the night playing several of their most famous songs .
once the event was over the brothers left in their all so famous police car .
the night of the carnival was full of excitement .
the entire town seemed to be lit up .
there was plenty of entertainment and performances .
there was even a musical group like the organization organization .
they were the highlight of the evening and received high accolades .
we were at a party yesterday and i met a couple of guys .
i was heading to the bathroom and then i heard noise from outside the building .
two men from across the street were in a band .
they were playing too loudly and then the police showed up .
the police told everyone to leave .
we were going to have a great time with riding the roller coaster .
we decided first to take in a show .
while waiting we met the worlds tallest man .
the show did not disappoint at all .
the show was hilarious and a lot of fun .
two kids taking a picture .
a weird looking creature in a picture .
a boat with red and blue on it .
a giantic spider .
a great way to end a trip .
this is fun amusement event for young kids .
there are many things to explore and experience .
there are rides and amusements that kids and even adults can enjoy .
there are little cities and other attractions to look at .
sometimes it is fun to feel bigger than the world around you .
we had a great time at the amusement park .
there were a lot of cool statues scattered throughout the park .
there were boat rides that you could take .
giant spiders loomed overhead .
and in the middle of the park they had a big organization wheel .
the kids enjoyed the star wars exhibition at lego land .
they pointed out the dragon to their parents .
the first ride they took was a slow ride on the water .
the enormous spider scared the little ones .
the ferris wheel ride was the ride they enjoyed before they left the park for the evening .
the kids parents brought them to an amusement park .
there was a big , blue fake dragon there .
the family got to take a ride on a boat .
there was a big spider in a web the kids could play on .
a ferris wheel ride was the perfect way to end the day .
at the concert , i took photos of some of our fans .
these men were also supporters of our band .
this band was really entertaining to the crowd .
these women said they were also interested in my work .
i was happy that we went to see this band at this concert .
we went to an awesome day time music festival today .
we ran into alot of our friends . it was a day of fun in the sun .
we got to see some amazing music acts play live right before us .
there was even a roller coaster at the venue ! fear if motion sickness kept me away but my friends rode all day .
we ended the day with some mini golf ! nice relaxation on the astroturf to end a fun day .
a couple of friends and i went to a concert . this one of them .
here i am with the other friend .
we watched a group we 'd been meaning to see for a long time but never had the chance to see .
we were so happy to attend . and we made a new friend at the concert . here she is .
after the group we wanted to see performed this solo guitarist came on . he was a good guitarist .
last week [female] and her friends went to a rock show .
when they got to the show , the music was really loud .
the stage was very colorful .
[female] and her friends found a place to sit .
they found they had a great spot to see all of their favorite performers play .
[female] lost track of her boyfriend in the crowd .
finally she spied him , but he was with another girl .
the band started playing so loudly that she could n't effectively tell him off .
it was then that she realized the girl he had been talking to was a lesbian .
[female] was able to relax and enjoy the band .
their are a lot of people out tonight .
this is where every one is going .
the colors really lit up the area .
this is how the front of the area that is lit up look like .
this family enjoyed the event with their child . it has finally came to an end .
our family getting our picture taken for the photo book .
the shutter was open for too long , but it 's a cool effect .
the same thin happened in this picture , but again a cool effect .
the night time traffic on our way back home .
one of the flashy hotels all lit up on the way home .
chang family visited organization this summer .
the first park they visited was location location .
next day they went to animal kingdom .
they stayed in the park till night to see parades .
they enjoyed their trip to location .
this was the start of the new year my family was excited .
the whole city was lighted for the start of the new year .
here was a display that so bright and beautiful .
the display was located in a fountain and was just amazing to see .
here is my family downtown walking and enjoying the show .
the family was excited for the light parade .
some of the floats zoomed by , leaving a trail of light .
there were brilliant colors and designs , including teddy bears .
the lights could be seen for miles .
the parade ended at a large , lit-up building where people could view the floats up close .
what i love most about ferris wheels is probably different than most people .
i love how many different faces they can show . at sunset , they are like a magical wheel in the sky .
when they start moving , they look like a blurred circle .
if you squint , they are like a lit-up hula hoop .
if you just look a tthe top , they almost look like a coin in its side . i love them so much .
the photographer wanted to showcase the new ride in an artistic way .
the ride has just been built and added to the theme park .
the theme park will open during the night so he wanted to show case the image of it beautifully at dusk .
the photographer wanted to show just how fast he ride spun .
he also wanted to artistically show the lights of the ride at night .
i wanted to find out how different i could make a subject look by using different settings on my new camera , so i started with this snapshot of a organization wheel .
next , i changed the light settings and got this great shot in the evening , but it still looked like a ferris wheel .
i slowed the shutter speed for this shot and turned the organization wheel into just a giant wheel .
later in the evening , the lights on the ferris wheel and the slow shutter speed yielded this great picture at a different angle .
my favorite picture of the ferris wheel was this one at night with the lights , a slow shutter speed and a unique angle , i am very glad i experimented enough to get this shot .
what a wonderful ride we will be on next , the farris wheel .
some of my friends were already on the ride , they lucked out and got on it before i could .
look at the beautiful sunset , it was an amazing day .
the lights on the farris wheel made it that much nicer when it went around . what a beautiful view .
here is another great one of the side , makes it look even better .
at the carnival was a ferris wheel .
i was amazed by the ferris wheel during sunset .
it was so cool to take some long exposure shots of the ferris wheel .
then i started taking more photos when it got darker and they turned on the lights .
this is my favorite shot with the lights on and the long exposure .
there were some great fireworks this year at the park .
that one looks like a green fluffy dandelion .
there were several explosions in that rocket , what a site .
some of them looked so delicate .
some of the fireworks had a few explosive issues .
tonight we celebrated july 4th
of course there 's always lots of fireworks .
they put on a beautiful display
this one is one of my favorites
after the display was over i was off to get ice cream
the fourth of july . independence day .
we went to a fireworks show to celebrate location 's birthday .
the pyrotechnics were amazing . they really went for it this year .
the amount and variety of rockets was amazing .
and , of course , they had the big finish that had us all on our feet clapping and cheering .
celebrating the 4th of july with friends , the fireworks burst beautifully in the air .
every explosion of light causes a cheer in the crowd below .
the flashing lights in the sky are lighting up the earth below .
these fireworks represent what it means to be an american .
land of the free , happy birthday location !
the people were impressed by the fireworks .
there were many colors
and they were high in the sky .
they made cool colors
and went in many directions .
the town really outdid themselves this year on fireworks .
a heart shaped one..that was so cool . how do they make them like that ?
my wife 's favorite one ... she loves purple .
this one looked like they were going to land on us . great 3d effects .
one with a tail . it was really loud when the boom went off .
i love the 4th of july especially for the firework display .
the vivid colors .
the neat designs they can do , like this heart .
the loud booms and cracks .
everything about it just brings me to tears of joyful emotion about our freedom .
while watching the fireworks with our family , i saw a pretty blue and red one !
during the firework show one of them looked like a heart !
the next fireworks were pink ! my daughters favorite color !
they had a weird one that was red .
there even was a fizzy one that shot straight up and crackled !
i saw plenty of fireworks during my 4th of july weekend .
some of the fireworks were very creative in that they were able to form many different shapes .
the colors lit up the sky like a bomb going in different directions .
the flares they had made the dark sky look like a painter 's canvas if he drew lines on it with different colors .
i enjoyed seeing the finale where the flare made the sky so bright it looked amazing .
4th of july is my favorite time of year .
this firework looked like a heart , how do they do that ?
this had to be most beautiful firework all night .
this firework looked like a laser light show .
then the last firework to start the grand finale .
decorators were getting ready for the city fair .
they strung lights from building to building .
they had to fix the sign before people started arriving .
the entire city was prepared with neon lights .
there was even a dragon .
i went to the market last night .
it was very bright and colorful at night .
the shops were still open .
we had a great time walking around .
i went by a restaurant to grab some food .
it was sure to be a busy night on the strip .
all the vendors were expecting a big showing .
the neon lights were shining in all of there glory except the one which flickered continously .
lights were strung crossing the street between the buildings .
the haunted hut was also ready with its own theme for partying .
location town put in some new neon lights to highlight their buildings .
they still had the strings of lanterns to light up courtyards though .
some of the new lights were already busted .
others had both the lanterns and the lights and looked pretty fantastic .
there were some areas that had no lights so we stayed away from those areas .
location is so pretty at night .
there are so many different colors .
the neon lights add to the attraction .
how can anybody miss a storefront like this .
this attraction needed more lights then the storefront .
i 'm in the building looking down at a door wondering where this entrance will take me
right where i needed to be church well who would have thought that you detail so much from a symbol
this reminds me of distraction and despair look at the body of water and that artifacts that lay around it
look at the chains what do they remind you of could it be one of two things freedom by the possibility of freedom
now i 'm walking down this road i 've come across a building with an entrance where i did n't know i was going to church or ended up finding myself distraction despair and freedom
my dream since i was three years old was to go to location . this year , i finally did .
this bird looks like i felt when i got there -- -free and blessed .
the cars were so elegant all over town !
it was such a mix of old and new there . i loved the ruins , but i also loved the modern things .
i did n't like those foolish kids that graffitied all up the trains !
there were many beautiful churches .
stained glass art seemed to be the norm .
the trevi fountain was large and crowded .
there were many parts of the city that were forbidden for tourists .
in the evening , the city was empty .
our trip to location started out great when we found this statue .
we then saw this incredible window .
after walking a bit , we came upon our rental car .
we were able to drive to the coliseum .
we could not find our car , so we had to take the subway back to the hotel .
i started my sightseeing with a morning tour of the cathedral .
the stained glass was so intricate .
it was interesting to compare the beautiful , centuries-old art to the crumbling building facades .
the museum i 'd planned on attending was closed . there was a chain across the gate .
i decided to walk back to the hotel while enjoying the scenery .
what do you want to bet that this guy 's name is [male] ?
i would n't want to arm wrestle this guy .
it 's a [male] [male] prize doll .
even [male] [male] dolls look like they 've had too much work done .
so many [male] [male] dolls !
our coney island excursion starts with the famous [male] 's hot dogs .
the organization wheel was our next target .
from above the kiddie rides look like a playschool toyset .
while the people on the beach look like little bugs .
looking inward , the ferris wheel 's support struts have a geometric beauty of their own .
here we are on vacation with my sister and her husband .
look at the fun rides we will be enjoying right alongside the beach !
here is a better view of some of the rides . the kids loved it !
after we had a fun day riding rides , we went to the beach to relax and catch some sun .
this is one that i took while being on the ferris wheel , the middle of it .
the young couple is excited to see what is behind the wall .
they will fun taking in the sights from the organization organization .
everything looks so small from the top of the wheel .
the people at the beach seem so far away .
but they know they are safe in their personal caged in space .
we got to the carnival a little late and we just missed out `` the world famous [male] 's '' .
on to duel the world 's strongest man .
now to compete for the coveted [male] [male] doll .
we can feel mj looking into us , commanding us to take him home !
we did't quite cut it this time ... so long mj yee shall be missed .
a weekend at the location location pier is a great way to spend a summer day .
many visitors arrived early in the morning and the beach was crowded quickly .
[male] wished he had the day off , but he had to work at the burger restaurant that day .
[male] watched many of the beach goers in the water while serving customers their orders .
[male] 's manager let him go early , so [male] enjoyed a less crowded beach with his friends .
we followed route 66 all the way to the west coast and ended up in location location .
not sure what all the grave markers on the beach are for , but it made me a little uncomfortable .
location location location . we spent most of the day riding the rides and playing games .
next stop was dinner at this cute little burger joint . the food was good .
look at the parking lot ... not sure if we 'll be able to find our car .
we arrived at the beach .
there were thousands of people already there .
i saw a man wearing green near the concession stand .
a few brave people went into the cold water .
as the sun went down , we headed away from the beach .
we went to location location .
the beach was very crowded .
our son matched the bathrooms .
the water was very warm for that time of year .
it was evident many people drove to the beach .
i went to the location location beach today .
there were a lot of people at the beach due to it being summer .
i met up with a friend who was wearing a silly green shirt .
we mostly just talked about stuff while looking at the beach .
later on , we went our separate ways and drove home .
visiting the big city , my friend amed and i went for a drive .
the city was lit up with many sky scraper buildings . it was beautiful against the night sky .
the sky started to get a little overcast , and we worried rain might ruin our drive .
downtown , we saw a few theaters , and the traffic was very busy
we saw a majestic opera house to end the evening , just in time for intermission !
it was a pretty night on the city .
the clouds could be easily seen .
looks like everyone is out having fun .
the lights from the big buildings can be seen for miles .
this is the building where i work at , all lit up at night .
we had some flight delays so we landed in the evening .
which meant a spectacular drive into the city .
even after checking into our hotel the amount of people and cars still out and about was amazing .
i was n't sure if i wanted to go out in the bustle .
but i finally went out after saying to myself , `` how often are you in the city ? ''
sometimes we can feel like the tall buildings of the city are closing in on us .
but when we stand back we see each building has an individual character .
and we can always look up so see the open sky .
but it is now time to speed through the streets .
we can wonder how the little buildings feel when surrounded by such high ones .
such a beautiful busy city !
what a wonderful night sky !
those buildings look powerful !
the lights cheer up the night !
this place is amazing and bright !
it was a nice day outside , so we decided to visit the fair .
there were many good options for food , and we got burgers to eat .
it was very hot however , so guests needed to take time to cool down .
many people were enjoying themselves .
we made sure we stayed until night to enjoy the light show .
the fair had a huge turn out today .
these ladies been walking around all day and took a seat on the ground to rest .
the food look so good and tasty .
this food was delicious .
the night has ended and every one enjoyed their self .
yesterday we went to the fair .
we ate huge cheeseburgers and other fair food .
we had to lay down and relax our bodies were so filled with food .
the view was amazing though .
when the sun went down light performers took over the fair .
as we walked through the entrance we saw the ferris wheel .
before going on any rides , i ate some salty food .
i felt sick so i put a towel over my face .
the sight of the ferris wheel made me sick , so i moved as far away as i could .
by the time i was far enough away , it was night .
the park was filled with many attractions .
the park had loads of good food .
we were tired after the day 's festivities so some of us took a nap .
the park was crowded but still beautiful .
it was great to see the park lit up at night .
on vacation in location we decided to go to this park and it looked easy enough to find .
then we saw the next sign was n't in english and we were confused .
it turns out a lot of other people were lost too .
we found one more sign and figured we were going in the right direction even though we could n't read it .
when we got there we were the only people who made it .
some of the buildings were magnificent .
the inside of the buildings had great architecture .
the street lamps were beautiful .
we went to the church that day .
everyone went on the rides before they left .
i visited an amusement park near my hometown .
nearby was a patch of dirt and scrub brush .
the area had been done up to look like an ancient weathered town .
the roofs of the buildings were thatched .
in the center of the park was a made-up american town .
we had a busy day checking out the architecture of this city .
looking up , the brick detailing is interesting of this old post office .
outside we see the old lighting set up . these line the street to keep it lit up at night .
the church steeple in the background is traditional , and plays bells on every hour .
at the end of our tour of the architecture , we went to blow off some steam at the adventure park in the next town .
the church was inviting .
it 's architecture was interesting .
even the lamp poles interested our youngest children .
the tower of the church could be seen throughout the city .
to top it off , there was a ride located across the street from the church .
touring the architecture of the city was a favorite of mine .
we were able to go at our own pace .
when you look at the details of the building you appreciate how much time it took .
the clocks still work after all these years .
i have always wondered how they got the stones to make a slight curve on the buildings .
we grabbed a quick bite to eat before we explored the city .
an awesome statue of mercury was one of our first stops .
i was amazed at some of the artwork i had come across .
the insides of some of the buildings were beautiful as well .
to finish off the day we headed back to our hotel to enjoy the night .
the group went to see the old city .
they got to see the statue of mercury .
they also saw some old architecture .
as well as some greek style buildings .
the group had a great time seeing the city .
my husband is a big fan of greek mythology , so he was eager to see the famous mercury statue .
we had to view it from every angle possible .
i finally got him away from it , and saw the castle i 'd been longing to see .
he dragged me back later to the mythology museum .
i was quite glad at the end of the day to get to our quaint hotel .
the site-seeing tour consisted of several statues and landmarks .
this statue held particular appeal due to the unique pose that was displayed .
the historic building was beautiful .
a close-up of the building revealed unique art work .
the final stop was a building that was true to the area 's historical architecture , but was modern in build .
i thought we were in location . why is willy wonka here the ? haha .
saw a really cool bridge while sightseeing . could n't go on it though .
this building we stumbled upon really caught my eye . it mixes old with the new .
this has to be the coolest thing we have seen all day . reminds me of [female] in wonderland .
a tiny temple in the middle of a parking lot . i think i 've seen everything now .
we decided to go to location for a few weeks .
the coastline there is so pretty .
this bridge took us to the city we 're staying in .
they have such a beautiful sights there .
this is the hotel we wound up staying in for five nights .
a tour of location 's coastal sites .
the bridge is beautiful , the thick smog was not .
a picture of our hotel , small but luxurious .
the railway station was brightly decorated , building as art .
a small roadside shrine . reminds me of the one in spirited away .
that building in the distance looks inviting .
we must cross this spectacular bridge to get there .
the faade of the building combines traditional with modern styles .
the paintings on the wall invite us to explore further .
finally we reach the traditional building which opens it arms to us .
this year we took a vacation overseas .
the sky stayed overcast nearly the whole time .
the sights were still awe inspiring .
the best part was the natural beauty of the land .
our hotel was one of the prettiest we had ever stayed in .
the street fireworks show was dangerous and dazzling at the same time .
one of the more daring people on the street the other night .
two men holding flares on a dare .
the crowd mulling around between explosions .
some fireworks to finish off the street show .
the 4th of july celebration was exciting .
everyone was lighting off fireworks .
the city even had a fireworks display .
all of the townspeople were having fun .
everyone enjoyed the 4th of july celebration .
the fireworks display downtown started off with flashes of sky flowers in the sky .
along the ground , people were playing with what looked like flares .
others had traditional fireworks .
they all grouped up together and lit the streets , making seem like we did n't need street lights that night .
the light really clashed with the fireworks above .
people were lighting fireworks in the city .
i got nervous as i saw someone close to em ready to shoot another one off .
my friend and i decided to use sparklers instead .
others had the same idea and the street became filled with smoke .
everyone decided to forget the sparklers and instead shoot some fireworks into the sky .
the celebration started in the streets .
people poured in from all over the city .
we got out flares and fireworks to have some fun .
it went a little crazy , but it was worth the finished product .
the fireworks we set off where amazing and everyone had a good night .
the fireworks were majestic .
the finale was majestic .
but it was hard to leave the park .
people were shooting off fireworks everywhere .
the subway was blocked off .
the start of the fireworks show along the river .
some really cool synchronized fireworks at the show .
the start of the finale was really loud .
this was the last part of the amazing finale .
police ready to direct traffic for the folks heading home .
forth of july firework show .
beautiful lights on a pleasantly warm night .
the police on crowd control were well behaved , even towards young black men .
some rebel firework users . what better way to celebrate a rebellion ?
station is closed . time to walk a few more blocks .
the night began with some fireworks .
we were ready to leave , but more fireworks went off .
the police blocked the street , so we patiently waited .
as morning came , there was still smoke from the fireworks .
we hurried to the train station , but it was blocked off .
these fireworks light up the night sky .
these fireworks are very organized
these fireworks get bigger from left to right .
these fireworks are one huge explosion
they are outside making sure everyone is safe .
last night we went to an art show .
there were giant sculptures shaped like a jellyfish .
we even saw cubed art .
there was also abstract art that shined bright in the dark .
we ended the night with flower sculptures .
night time in location is perfect for art viewing .
with purple lanterns floating hauntingly above .
while led lit geometric griffins stalk the grounds .
and as one grooves to the psychedelic colors shining upon an art wall .
neon bright flowers spark over head .
i went to an art museum last weekend .
they had displays about light art .
i liked this paper tiger .
they had interactive displays .
lights lit up the night .
we arrived at the art show .
before we went in , we admired the giant pink sculpture .
as we walked towards the entrance , a red animal greeted us .
while inside we noticed people stuck to the wall .
it was dark and we were lost , but a neon bouquet led us in the right direction .
it was a colorful evening at the art museum .
there were bright pink jellyfish .
the gigantic red dog shone in the evening light
there was even performance art .
it looked like the lights of christmas , with a different undertone .
the celebration tonight was one to remember .
it felt good dressing like a woman and joining in the dance routine .
the play went over really well .
the fire works display went well after all the entertainment .
what a great ending to such a wonderful evening .
we had a lot of costumes for our parade tonight .
we spent all day getting ready .
we looked very good .
at night the parade began .
we also had a lot of fireworks with us .
the opera house was lit up as we went to see the new performance outside .
the costumes of the performers all had leds in them .
there was an interlude with some jesters while the other actors changed for the second act .
it ended with fireworks in the sky .
the fireworks were beautiful .
i went to a nighttime play last night .
the colors in the costumes were amazing .
i had good seats and could see everything clearly .
they has a fireworks show afterwards .
the grand finale took up the whole sky .
this is where all of the action happened !
they look so happy on the stage !
they are having fun in their costumes !
we are all watching the pretty fireworks !
we are in awe of the fireworks !
travelling abroad can give you a sense of adventure in architecture .
we decided to see the tower while visiting location . it has quite the reputation .
the clock tower stood erect against a nearly clear blue sky .
we traveled by boat to get a closer look at the tower , and the prison .
ultimately , or time had come to an end on this trek . worth it !
we had a great trip to location this year .
we took many pictures of our trip .
the city looked so beautiful .
it was great seeing big [male] this close .
we had a very good time and we ca n't wait to come back .
location is beautiful today , so i 'm taking pictures .
just look at this magnificent view .
the few clouds rolling in gives it an awesome feeling .
a close up of big ben . what a beautiful piece of our history .
taken from the ground looking up just to see the magnificence of this !
on vacation it was really neat seeing the huge ferris wheel .
we could see the buildings with the clock tower on the island .
we went across the water to the buildings .
we could see the beautiful building on the water .
finally , we got close to the clock tower .
the water looks so pretty from here !
this building with the water looks so elegant !
the sky is just breathtaking in this shot
this building looks so important and large
this building looks gorgeous from here !
i took my little girls to the fair tonight and we aimed to win prizes .
then we went on the bumper cars .
i took her to a ball pit afterward .
then she wanted to go on the merry go round , so i took her there .
i ended the night with taking her on the ferris wheel .
ring toss at the jubilee is my favorite game .
she loved the bug car ride .
what child does n't love a germ-infested ball pit ?
mesmerized by the variety of balls in the machine .
although i like this picture , i am terrified of the ferris wheel .
we went to a large toy store in a theme park .
there was a drive-able little car for children .
there was even a ball pit for kids to play in .
afterwards , we went to ride on the carousel .
for our final ride , we went on the ferris wheel .
on our trip the fair , the kids are trying to win prizes .
my daughter is having fun driving in the car .
meanwhile , we are trying to guess how many m & m 's there are to win a prize .
the kids were riding on the horses on the marry-go-round .
finally , our last ride was on the ferris wheel .
such a wonderful assortment of colors !
this car is just breathtaking !
these colorful balls are fun to play in !
beautiful and very elegant !
this ride looks so fun !
waiting for the train has become quite the adventure .
you are able to wait in the station and the street performers put on a show .
you can grab something to eat at the indoor sushi bar .
i like to find a great seat to enjoy it all .
the trains come and go often so i find myself here a lot of times .
there was once a man and his wife that decided to explore a new city for the day .
they used the city map to explore places they had never visited before .
it was a beautiful day filled with lots of random performances , like a group of dancers in the park .
they gawked at all of the unique looking buildings that were scattered throughout the city .
to end the day , they a sushi dinner with there good school friend .
[female] and [male] decided to explore the town .
they checked the local map to decide their route .
the saw some performances along the way .
the attractions and artwork were breathtaking .
after a long day , the friendly barista made the couple a tasty drink !
many children can not predict train arrival times , as they can not read analog clocks .
they spend their time breakdancing at the mall instead .
and eating too many sweets .
which leads to a life of faux designer sunglasses and homelessness .
if only someone had provided a road map .
the clocks on the wall show the difference in time in various countries throughout the world .
there is a dance rehearsal going on in the park .
the shelves are stocked with local treats .
she is sitting down waiting for a train to arrive .
this map shows the routes that all the trains take .
we got to location location just as the sun was going down . that 's when it really comes to life .
the lights are bright . they must have a million light bulbs .
not to mention the amazing neon lights in every color .
and , well ... you never know what the lights will shine on .
we stayed out all night . now ... it 's time for breakfast . yum !
it was his first time in vegas and he decided to get in a little gambling .
the slot machines seemed to be lucky and calling his name out as a winner .
after a long night of gambling he took in the sights .
he was n't sure where he should go next .
sitting down for a buffet and recharging his energy was obviously the best answer .
they entered location location and could see the hotels and casinos .
they all had great displays .
the outsides were gorgeous too look at .
there was plenty to see in location location .
they ended the evening with a great meal .
location location is known as `` sin city ''
it has many casinos and other places to hang out .
some are tame .
others are exotic .
above anything else , the food is the best !
we had a great time gambling in location location .
we spent most of our time in the casinos .
we stayed at the location hotel .
finding our way around was confusing sometimes .
there was always plenty of good food to eat .
yesterday was quite a gloomy day .
no one was on the ferris wheel , and no one wanted to go out .
even the birds that i saw seemed gloomy and sad .
however flowers bloomed during the darkness .
soon enough , we could see the sky peek through again .
my plans to go to the newly opened amusement part were quickly dashed when the storm approached .
i had high hopes that the storm would quickly pass , but the large rain clouds next to our large tower told me different .
even the birds new that today was going to be rainy as they waited on the fence for the worms that would surely rise from the ground .
off in the distance i could again see storm clouds , but this time it looked much worse then before .
as i was making my way home i noticed a small break in the clouds , giving me the slight hope that it may pass soon .
a storm blew into my hometown this week , which caused the ferris wheel to be evacuated .
nearby , a tall church steeple stood against the clouds .
the birds braced themselves for what was to come .
the clouds rolled over the city , looking like an alien spaceship .
a small break ahead showed promise that we would be spared .
the sky was really overcast when we went to the amusement park .
we saw the ferris wheel looming in the sky as we approached .
the pigeons were the only occupants of the place since it was closed a few years ago .
the only color in the place were from the random sunflowers on the ground .
the clouds eventually broke and let in some sun but it was still a gloomy place to be .
i love taking landscape photos . there is something stark and beautiful about the storm clouds with the lone light pole in the air .
across the street i can see the ferris wheel , shut down due to the imprending storm .
these birds wait on top of the wall for the first raindrops to fall .
the flowers are open and ready to receive the rain .
as the first raindrops fall , the wind picks up . [female] storms are amazing .
my friends wanted me to go to this crazy concert .
the lead singer wore a mask and there was a robot on stage too .
the robot was even able to play this awesome guitar .
there were pyrotechnics by the drummer too .
people were even trying to stage dive by the end of it .
my friend took me to this concert . the musicians had the strangest costumes .
there was even a giant robotic guitar guy behind them .
i took lots of pictures of that crazy thing .
they all looked like the belonged in a zombie movie .
after the show we hung out in a local dive bar .
the guitarist was very personal with his audience .
he sang with a twang and a mask on .
the guitars were freakish instruments .
the lighting was a very intriguing chandelier .
we all gathered around to enjoy the music .
the singer points out into the excited audience at the concert .
the singer crouches down and begins to sing his number one hit .
the crowd is hypnotized by the flames on the musical equipment .
the lights shine on the stage and the band .
members of the audience begin to crowd surf in all the excitement .
guitarist pointing to the crowd .
guitarist plays a multi-neck guitar .
multi-neck guitar shown in the darkness .
the lead singer signals the drummer .
a fight broke out in the mosh pit .
today was a great day for a concert .
we decided to take the entire family .
everyone got dressed up for it in summer clothes .
everyone wanted to be in pictures .
it was fun to see a big organization vehicle while at the concert .
we went to the country fair today .
so many people were there having a good time .
they had many different things at the fair .
they even had a concert !
we had such a good time this year together !
i brought my girlfriend to the base yesterday .
i think she had a good time .
she brought her daughter with her .
i think she even made a few friends .
we got to ride in the army truck .
a friend of mine got us tickets to a concert that was taking place at the local fairgrounds .
we got there early because there was open seating .
we left one of our friends with our blanket and went to score some food .
even though it was pretty hot out the concert was great .
we had a great time dancing and enjoying the music together .
everyone is having a great time out here !
she looks cool in her hat !
we are enjoying ourselves out here !
we pose and look cool with shades on !
this is a beautiful army truck !
our first family vacation was really fun !
we rode a lot of rides in the carnival .
we especially liked this one since she likes dogs .
after that , we went for lunch in a train restaurant .
it was really cozy and interesting inside . we had a really good vacation .
the kids love this place .
they enjoy coming every weekend .
getting on the rides is great fun .
we also sit down and eat some meals .
after the day is over , we enjoy each other 's smiles .
today is family day .
we rode on carousals .
my husband is so good with his daughter .
then we visited a train museum .
it was nice to sit down and relax .
we all went to the amusement park today .
my oldest son even had fun .
here i am with my daughter on the merry-go-round .
we took an old train trip .
the train cars were surprisingly nice inside .
they pose for the camera because they are having fun !
they have fun on the merry go round !
they happily pose by the sad dog .
this building is a great place to be !
she is having a fun time .
[male] , [female] and [female] decided to attend sunday service at the local church .
they noticed the statue of the congregation 's idol , [male] .
gold painted cherubs looked down on the events , judging silently .
[male] saw the financial riches of the church , saw the homeless outside in the busy city , and felt restless .
as they left the church , [male] became enraged and mockingly fought with [female] . [female] rolled her eyes . just another day in our wacky family .
went to town to take a tour of a local church we are thinking of going to and hopefully get married in .
this church was founded in 1900.that is truly amazing that this church was made in a time with little of the modern technology as we have today .
there are beautiful statues and stain glass windows everywhere .
it was a very small church , but really well taken care of in the community .
the stain glass windows are amazing to look at and must be devastating to repair if ever broken .
i visited a church in my hometown to see what it was like .
there was a colorful statue of [male] inside .
the decorations near the ceiling were quite ornate .
i stood next to a stained glass window and contemplated the building .
outside , an old man was exiting with his daughters .
my local church has been with part of the town for years . this year , they wanted to do a little renovation .
they repainted the statue of [male] .
they re-gilded some of the decorative sculptures around the ceiling .
my friend was the one who was hired to do all this . he even got the stain glass windows cleaned to be more vibrant .
he also had to be a handy man at times , like the time he fixed the doorknob .
the old church had been around for centuries .
there were statues in need of repair .
there were also several parts of the building that needed updating .
the new groundskeeper would have his hands full .
he began with the entryway .
the pier is absolutely beautiful today .
i had a stroke of genius as i looked out at the ocean .
at first i wanted to just take selfies of me there .
but soon i picked up my camera and began to catch the light at dusk .
the light made the area even more beautiful than it was .
we love to go down to the pier .
they have many things to see and do .
it is always so pretty to see the water .
the sunsets there are just amazing !
we always have such a good time and end up taking many pictures !
yesterday we spent the day at the pier .
we played on the carosal .
and then went to watch the sun go down on the beach .
we had a great shot of the birds standing on the beach as the sun went down .
it was a beautiful sun filled day .
my friend and i visited the pier today .
we saw a lot of birds flying around the pier and above the water .
my friend posed for the camera with an object in her hand .
i caught a picture of one gull blocking out the sun .
the gulls looked fantastic illuminated against the darkening sky .
the amusement park is a great place to go .
the carousel was so much fun .
the view from here was just beautiful .
this sunset was so relaxing .
the birds liked watching it , too .
merry go rounds are the first stop every time we go to a fair or carnival .
then the kids head for more daring rides that make your tummy go to your toes .
tea cup rides are always the cutest.from a distance they look fancy .
when you get hungry , carnival food always taste good .
this is the view of the carnival from the other side as we head home .
one time i got to go to a awesome place that had rides for everyone ,
i saw pretty ponies and i had to wait till the ride ended before i could ride .
i picked the prettiest pony i had ever seen before !
mommy said i was to small to ride this ride and it made me mad .
so instead i rode inside of a tea cup . mommy said that it had real tea inside !
i got talked into going to the amusement park last week .
some of the rides were closed .
i took the opportunity to take pictures of them .
this ride looked fine but it scared me .
these types of rides are more my speed .
we got to the park and first we went on the carousel .
then we went on the big scary thing that shoots you straight up in the air .
we had to ride the tea cups .
we stopped and got some popcorn .
we stopped to take a beautiful picture of the water and scenery .
which is bluer , the sky or the ocean ?
the merry go round looks fun !
this horse looks elegant !
look at this fun ride !
the teacups look so gorgeous !
today was good day for the beach .
people was out sailing their boats .
there was an mini amusement park on the pier .
there was a live show there .
the day ended with some ice cream and then off to bed .
the old amusement park in our town is one of our favorite hang outs .
it may be small . but it has some great rides , including an amazing roller-coaster .
and it still has the little silly shows on stages , mainly for the kids .
and just outside the gates , there is rossi ice cream , some of the best ice cream around .
they also have a pretty cool lagoon area with rock cliffs and boats that you can rent and ride around in .
the beach is my first choice for a vacation destination .
there is so much to see there .
at the boardwalk has lots of rides .
they even have shows there .
they also have the best ice cream .
these chairs wait for someone to sit !
these boats are so beautiful !
this ride looks scary and pretty !
the show was amazing !
this is the best place for ice cream !
it was an excellent day at the fair .
there were thrilling roller coaster rides .
the live entertainment offered a fun way to relax .
of course , ice cream is always welcome on a summer 's day .
there were quiet gardens for those looking for a more peaceful experience .
it was a great night in phily
the fans packed the stadium
it was time for the baseball game
the fans enjoyed themselves at the game
had some cold drinks and enjoyed the philly game
here we are at organization organization organization and what a nice day for a ballgame .
the organization are playing home and they are ready to win big today .
the picture makes a hard throw a little to the left .
the batter swings and hits . hurry and run !
the crowd gets me excited sometimes and it is great fun .
going to the baseball stadium is always a treat .
going to the organization game is a dream come true .
we had pretty good seats to watch the game .
the crowd went wild on this hit !
do you see the ball as it sails out of the park ?
we attended organization organization organization for a baseball game .
the organization play at the ball park .
the pitcher pitched a great game .
there were many exciting moments in the game .
we had great seats and were able to see all the action .
went into the city to catch a baseball game with my sister and her husband .
there were a lot of sports statues and things to see outside the field .
the field was the biggest i had ever been in and from our seats we could see the whole thing .
my sister seemed to be having a good time .
it was a great outing with family .
we headed down to the river front early so we could get a nice place to watch the fireworks .
we had a blast while we waited . it was nice to get caught up on each other 's lives .
the skyline was so beautiful .
these were the best fireworks i had ever seen . the show was great .
the finale was beautiful and i am glad i went . i ca n't wait to do it again next year .
this family is celebrating the fourth of july by watching the fireworks .
the fire works come off in the water on a large platform .
at dark the fireworks start .
the fireworks are colorful and beautiful .
the last part of the fireworks is the best . the grand finale where they light off everything .
today my family and i joined during the day to celebrate fourth of july .
it was great to have the whole family together .
the sun began to go down .
the fireworks started in a burst of light .
they really outdid themselves on the fireworks this year .
getting the perfect spot to watch the fireworks was well worth getting there early .
having the whole gang there definitely made the wait a lot more bearable .
the beginning of the display was n't all that great .
but once things really got started , the display did n't disappoint .
the finale was especially amazing . overall , a pretty great 4th of july .
recently we went to see the fireworks . we arrived early in order to get the best seats .
while we waited , we passed time by taking pictures and playing random games .
as the light grew dim , we could tell the show was about to start . you could feel the excitement in the air .
look there ! it has begun ! they sure did start off with a bang .
look at the brilliant fireworks ! they come in so many amazing colors . this is definitely a night we will remember .
we all went out for a hike today .
we brought some stuff for a picnic .
our toddler had a great time .
we went for a short walk to the lake .
the view was breathtaking .
what a wonderful weekend . she got to ride a carousel .
we went to the lake . the water was very cool though .
we ate lunch at the park .
then we took a hike along the trails .
i carried the baby on my chest in a baby carrier , and he slept nearly the whole time .
this is my niece .
this is my nephew .
he looks silly in this hat .
i took my niece for a walk through the park .
we found a lake while hiking around .
do n't be scared , it will be fun !
this baby is enjoying the action !
he is all tuckered out !
what a great hike in the forest !
they have a great view of the ocean !
it was our daughter 's first ride on a merry-go-round .
we took our son to the park for a picnic .
he looks so adorable watching his sister play .
later , i took my daughter for a walk along the trail .
once we arrived at the lake , she wanted to go for a swim .
i went to the fair last week .
they had put up a ton of rides there .
it was in the middle of downtown .
there were many rides for kids .
they were very fun .
the city was holding a carnival .
they had inflatable slides .
as well as many different carnival rides .
it was mainly for kids , with small rides .
however , people of all ages attended and had a good time .
we tested the lights for the amusement park rides last night .
then we had the grand opening today . the rides were turned on and they worked wonderfully .
there were n't any lines yet in the morning but we hoped to get more later in the day .
they slowly started to trickle in and went to the kiddie area .
the car carousel was really popular with the younger kids .
the county fair is excellent at night .
[male] enjoyed the water slide .
this ride was a little too fast for [male] .
we got to pretend to be real race car drivers .
[male] made engine noises through out the ride .
a carnival has rolled into town !
[male] loves sharks and wants to ride the shark ride .
suzy likes to spin she wants to ride the spining ride .
[male] loves cars , he wants to go on the car ride .
and the kids run off in different directions , leaving the parents alone .
a family took a vacation to location .
the strip was surprisingly empty at night .
the signs looked beautiful at night .
a lot of tourists lined up to take a photo of the bridge .
they went to the organization organization organization store to buy souvenirs for their family and friends .
i love this place ! everytime we come it 's always a blast .
i can never get enough of the neon and art deco .
looks like a post card . ca n't believe there is no traffic .
oh yes , we 're going here tonight . it 's going to be so much fun .
they have a bridge in the club . this place just keeps getting better .
how excited we were we finally arrived at everything under the sun and spent some time there , we saw many exciting things .
afterward we took a nice , long walk on the town at night , all the beautiful lighting , such a sight to see .
we strolled along pass the gone location , the building was also lit up very beautifully .
the huge bridge we strolled by was very interesting to see , it was painted really nicely .
when we reached the world of disney , we were just totally outdone with all the lights , we knew we were in for the greatest treat of the entire night .
the sign lit up the entrance .
the buildings seemed to span for miles .
we made sure to stop inside .
the bridge looked very tall from the ground .
we stopped in the gift shop as well .
it was a beautiful location evening .
the streets were empty , but the lights lit up the town .
even without people , location looked glamorous .
there was a replica of the location location bridge .
of course , the trip would n't be complete without a souvenir from organization .
here 's us dirving to the ferris wheel .
this is a closeup of it . it was huge !
it was a long wait but it was well worth it .
the view from the ferris wheel was amazing !
here 's the eiffel tower .
i had always wanted to ride the ferris wheel at night .
as i approached the wheel i started to get nervous .
the nerves left soon though because i was taken in by the view .
watching the cars zip and zoom from up above is n't something you see everyday .
you are so high up that watching people seems like watching ants .
i love visiting the amusement park at night .
all of the rides are lit up and very colorful .
there is so much traffic to get there .
i hope we can get there before it closes .
i can see it from the road !
the ferris wheel was lit up beautifully for the evening .
the family waited on line for the ride .
from the top of the wheel , they could see the whole city .
they could even see the location location in the distance .
when the got off the ferris wheel , they walked towards the location location .
i conquered my fear of heights to ride the giant organization organization when we went to the big city .
at night , the wheel is simply amazing . i was glad i went on it .
the view of the gorgeous avenue through the city took my breath away .
the river was reflected in a million lights .
away in the distance , we saw the tower , all lit up . i kissed my husband and thanked him for the trip of a lifetime .
a great big statue in the middle of the street .
the same statue with pretty lights on it .
a beautiful ferris wheel with lights on it .
the iffel tower with a light on the top of it .
a beautiful way to end a trip .
we recently took a european vacation .
we got to see the ferries wheel in location .
it looked even better from afar .
we then headed to location to see the eiffel tower .
the city street were just beautiful on our last night there .
we were on vacation and we decided to go out one night to see the city .
we looked at some monuments at the city center
we then took a ride on the ferris wheel and observed the city .
we could see this tower from the top of the ferris wheel .
we then just walked along some streets that were beautifully lit on both sides .
going out at night is one of my favorite things .
it 's always so magical .
the kids love to ride the ferris wheel .
i love looking at all the sights .
the roads are so full of fun we never want to leave .
the lights of the city had always fascinated [male] .
they seemed to form a mysterious wonderland after dark , with a strange light connecting the white tree to the tower .
the organization organization reflected in the water made it look like there was an underwater wheel too , and [male] would pretend there really was .
the light shining off the tower into the sky looked like a path you could climb .
[male] would stand on the street , squint his eyes and pretend he was flying down a lighted tunnel . he was transformed by the night full of lights .
the city is full old old and traditional and traditional landmarks .
this was an old warehouse that once thrived .
this famous statue has rich history .
remnants of an old gas station stand here .
the ride has been a favorite for years .
there was once a city in really bad disrepair ever since the old factory shutdown .
the only committed residents seemed to be a family of cats that wandered the old abandoned buildings .
the citizens of the broken down neighborhood decided to clean their city starting with the old statue at the city center .
piece by piece the old was replaced with new , even the furniture within the abandoned buildings .
in no time the city was looking the best it ever was , and the citizens celebrated with a big festival to commemorate their hard work .
they took a trip to see the abandoned city .
everything in the city was abandoned .
even some of the famous statues that were there remain untouched .
all of the buildings were empty .
and the old carousel was left empty .
visiting our forgotten downtown .
the first tagging we have seen so far .
what a beautiful statue . wondering why they do n't move it .
abandoned chair . it 's so comfy !
yes , we found a location wheel . too bad we do n't know how to operate it .
the abandoned factory stands as a landmark for prosperous years gone by .
even the cats are homeless and hungry , hunting each other for food .
the great goddess 's statue stands frozen at the rich man 's estate .
he is not home ; the chair on his porch is abandoned .
he is off to the fair to play with his fortunate children .
we recently took a vacation to location ,
where we visited some gardens that were light with laterns .
we went right up to them to see how they looked up close .
the perimter of the gardens also had laterns all around .
near the lake there was a beautiful building that was light wonderfully as well .
the celebration of lights happens every year .
people purchase a light in memory of a loved one and put it in the display .
there are special lights for those that meant a lot to the city .
when it is all lit up it makes a beautiful picture of lights shining brightly .
the celebration of lights is a celebration of life .
the celebration was filled with candles .
every one of them was gorgeous .
some were set up in elaborate displays .
there whole sees of candles .
the group even made their own display .
the chinese festival wass spectacular .
every surface was laid out in light .
candles formed paths along the ground .
they led to the center of the festival area .
the highlight was seeing the pagoda lit up beautifully .
yesterday we say some really bright colors on the road while we were driving
we went close to what it was , it was a pattern of some sorts
someone light candles in shape of design
locals told me it was part of chinese new year
it was really gorgeous to see illuminated building at night
we recently went to a shopping center .
it was during the holiday season .
we overlooked the center lobby from the upper floor .
we then noticed the large christmas tree in the distance .
we then went up to the tree to see how nice it looked up close .
we decided to go to the mall during the holidays .
it was fun to people watch .
we enjoyed seeing the decorations .
the christmas tree was the best display .
but we had to stop and buy some chocolate before we left .
i have money in my pocket and gifts to buy .
i 'm so lucky we live near this awesome mall !
this address looks like so much fun .
i love this christmas tree display !
an up close view of the beautiful tree .
our trip to the mall at christmas time is always a chore , long lines and too many people always make me nervous .
but this time we got chosen for a lottery to be able to go into the mall for 4 hrs before they opened the doors for everyone else .
this is was so relaxing and exciting , see all the mall in it 's christmas decorations .
the tree was by far the best part .
this christmas will be the best ever .
location mall has decorated for christmas this year .
the mall offers a seating area for entertainment .
and a floating snow man for decoration .
a large christmas tree illuminates the center of the mall .
all the store fronts have been decorated for christmas too .
our trip to the restaurant was out of this world .
we parked in a non space shuttle spot .
these guys wanted to be our valets .
the menu is exciting .
it was the happiest day that week .
a popular fast food restaurant wanted to expand into a new country , and decided that to renovate an old building to test how successful they would be in a new market .
they cleaned up the building and the surrounding neighborhood .
then they created a menu that was unique to the cultural food of the country .
even adding new beverages that they felt would be popular in that country .
thanks to their tailoring to the needs and culture of the country they wanted to serve , the restaurant was a big hit , with line going out the building .
the family took a trip to an alien super market .
it had funny signs .
as well as fun displays .
their menu also had fun alien related options .
the family enjoyed the cookie pops .
we finally arrived at my favorite restaurant .
we parked at the aliens only sign which gave me the giggles .
next to the sign was a family of aliens who was visiting the restaurant too .
the wall plaque showed how far each planet was from alien fresh jerky .
inside the store was a rack full of smiley face candy .
today we went to a organization 's in another country . it was in location and it was in a small town .
the overall look and feel was very similar to one in here in the states . the signs and the buildings were very similar with only a few small differences .
the food was where the differences were most apparent . they served sushi rolls , fish , and a lot of rice dishes . something unheard of in the states .
though the containers looked similar to those here in location , they had cute little twists on them such as small umbrellas and exotic toppings on the food items .
the overall assembly line fashion of the organization 's overseas was almost identical to that here in the states , fast paced and hustle bustle .
we went on a road trip last weekend .
i was so excited .
we had a great view of the city from the top of the mountain .
there was a lookout point on the side of the road .
we took a lot of pictures .
they had a beautiful house .
they decided to go on a drive .
they went to the mountains .
there was snow in the hills .
it ended up being a great day .
today my sister and i are going on a road trip .
we met at her house and caught up .
then started our road journey .
we went very far up in the mountains .
and then posed for some pictures at a beautiful getaway resort .
we drove up to my parents cabin for the weekend .
my wife was extremely excited .
we saw the city on our way out .
we stopped by a coffee house to pick up my sister .
her friend also came along .
the white house was two stories tall but still small .
inside , two of the most interesting ladies in the world talked .
they also drove a very interesting car that was fast .
it was a bit cold outside and it had snowed .
they were both wearing warm gear and hats .
each year there is a fabulous fireworks display at location location on july 4th .
a variety if fireworks are used .
some are on the small size .
others are huge .
i love the colors and variety as it makes for a great show and a fun way to celebrate 4th of july .
we went to see the 4th of july fireworks last week in the city .
they were spectacular and had many different colors .
we especially enjoyed when they overlapped .
the grand finale was multiple strings of fireworks that kept going off .
it went on for almost 30 minutes until they were finished .
this year 's fourth of july fireworks display was magnificent !
it 's unusual to see a green starburst , because the chemical mixture required for it is difficult to perfect . but this company has a lot of expertise .
this timed detonation of a sequence of several different colors is a great example of their skill .
some of the starbursts seemed almost delicate , like dandelion puffballs .
i love this variety , in which several small , bright bursts follow the initial cascade of sparks . beautiful !
this year 's city fireworks show was amazing .
they had so many different kinds of fireworks .
there were some of the biggest i had ever seen .
the colors of some of them mixed beautifully .
it is definitely something we will go to again next year .
4th of july came with a wonderful fireworks display .
a green burst exploded and the crowd was amazed .
a blue burst ignited and everyone stood shocked .
a large yellow blaze reminded the crowd of the reason they were celebrating the holiday .
a raining rat-a-tat ended their gathering and scared some of the smaller children .
the city lit up the night sky
the city was so alive that night
people filled the city at night
and the towers stood high above the ground
the city had never shined brighter
this famous building is known for the many colors it can turn thanks to technology upgrades .
the purple is one of most attracting color to tourists .
sometimes according to the holiday it may change colors like easter for instance .
there are a few other buildings that have gotten great business because of this building .
they mark new beginnings for buildings that were not doing well financially .
i tried several different filters while photographing this building .
the purple filter was my favorite .
the multicolored one was too busy .
here 's a fisheye picture that i took .
there are more than enough buildings to take pictures of .
our vacation this year was in a big city and we decided to look at architecture at night .
while we were walking , we came across this awesome building .
and in this shot you can see how cool this building really is .
we walked for about an hour and this is a shot of the park we found .
this is another shot of the first building . this is the end of our walk around the city .
this building looks so large !
this place is lit up so beutifully !
what an amazing sight this building is !
these buildings are so tall and breathtaking !
what a wonderful sight this building is !
[male] wanted to ride the carosel .
[female] road the little boat .
[female] , [male] , and their mommy walked through the park .
the balloon man made [female] a balloon .
they all had a great day .
[female] went to the fair and rode the carousel and
the planes
and watched the balloon man make her a puppy dog out of four different colored balloons .
he took his time to make sure it was just right for little [female] .
she was so happy .
we took our kids to their first fair . they loved the carousel .
they also loved the swings that looked like airplanes .
my daughter wanted a balloon animal .
the man tried his best to make the little mermaid for her .
it was not successful in my opinion .
my son wanted to ride a giraffe .
she wanted to ride a blue airplace
what a nice sunny day !
she is getting a balloon animal .
what a fun day at the carnival !
time for some merri go round fun !
she has a blast in the blue boat !
they are having fun walking around !
looks like someone gets a present !
they are having a blast !
we were very excited to be going to the art show .
there were a ton of amazing pieces from various eclectic artists .
the colors danced across the pieces drawing us into them .
we were entranced by the bright light show on the outside of the museum .
it was a truly one of a kind experience , we ca n't wait to go back next year .
the church was having a light show .
the magnificent colors filled up the church in a mystic blue and red light .
this light show is one to remember for years to come .
this light show even showed flowers on the wall .
and blue horses it was an amazing show put on by the church .
the light installation was very interesting . some had very interesting shadows .
others were just the way filters were used to produce different effects .
the biggest installation was the one for the church , lighting up different sections with different colors .
across the street , they threw up designs on the side of the buildings .
one was an image created using nothing but text .
this building is just gorgeous !
the colors shown here are more vibrant in person .
the architecture and lighting here was mind boggling .
these remind me of lighted flowers which make me happy .
the was eerily fascinating and i could n't stop looking at it .
this visit to the art museum with my wife was very interesting and fun . we loved the lighted effects of this abstract sculpture .
this photo is not really our style , but very funny !
wow , look at the building lit up outside . the building is dazzling inside and out .
across the street the library is lit up from the dancing lights as well .
we had a great evening out . we saw this piece on the way out . it was one to make us think . now we are off to dinner !
we entered the park with our dog .
then we made sure to check the signs .
we walked under the arch .
the dogs had a place to rest .
the arch is were we are heading .
our first vacation as a family , we took the kids to a park in location .
these signs were so cool , [female] looked at them for 20 minutes .
this man brought his beautiful dog to the park- [female] petted him a few times .
the big arch near the parks theater . it was huge !
[female] posed with the big easter bunny statue , she thought it was cool .
this little girl brought her dog to the park .
there were many people displaying signs outside .
altogether , the park was filled with life .
pets and people all paced the park together .
the coolest object was the semi dome at the end of the trail .
we attended the great cultural fair today , and my daughter found this tiny dog .
she looked at the history and stories of the city and citizens .
the arch represents this town 's greatest achievement .
we took a break next to this fellow and his dog .
we ended our day waiting for a pageant to be setup on stage . looks like it should be fun !
people were walking their dogs at the festival in the city .
other people had made signs protesting the government 's policies .
i think grandma had a good time , even though it was pretty sunny .
there were lots of dogs out with their owners enjoying the sun .
this area was off limits though , the dogs were not allowed to cool off in the fountain .
it was a great day in japan the sun shined bright
the place was filled with so much history
not a cloud was in the sky
the ancient japanese buildings stood tall
it was a great day to visit japan
i love all the different types of oriental buildings .
they look so majestic and pretty .
there is so much history behind every building .
many people visit them each year .
i hope one day i can see all these places for myself !
location is a beautiful continent .
we toured around location this summer .
i love how red and beautiful the trees are .
the tall buildings are awesome .
i did not want to leave .
we went to pagota ville .
the entrance to the park was really pretty .
we caught the fall leaves at just the right time .
how did they build it so high ?
tourist shop..yep..they sold mini pagota 's !
the architecture in location is amazing .
i especially liked the roofs .
they use tiles instead of shingles .
i was n't the only tourist there .
this building has five roofs .
this plane was one of several transportation pieces we saw .
a closer look put us in awe .
the train station is another great site .
the cars are bright and shiny .
it is one incredible icon of modern transportation .
the family was going to see planes and trains on their vacation because their two boys loved them .
the first stop was the local airport where they saw lots of planes .
they also got to ride on a nearby ferris wheel .
they took a walk down the street and looked at different plays showing .
and finally that night they got to see and take a ride on a train .
my husband loved exploring this vintage plane !
we got up close and personal with the plane on our tour .
we followed the signage to the trains !
we enjoyed the uniquely designed trains .
the marvelous trains were great to see on our vacation .
the family came with me to the air center to see the sights .
the planes were really big , much bigger then we expected .
we road the ferris wheel to get a birds eye view of the area .
we took in a show in the afternoon that was funny and entertaining .
we hurried to see all the sights as darkness fell .
we took a few trips this summer . first one was to the place graveyard .
the graveyard had a lot of neat planes that no longer run .
we took our next trip to the trains !
the trains all looked neat , but it was getting a bit late .
we decided to wrap up our first day with these amazing trains !
the mother of the family is cooking lots of food for the family reunion .
everyone arrives and they look hungry .
they sit down to eat and talk while the kids eat in the other room .
after dinner they go to see the local christmas decorations .
they get to see a smiling snowman while they wait to see location . it was a good night .
christmas is always special in our family .
we always get out and look at the lights .
the children love the over sized location display .
the best part is when everyone can get together .
the food is always better when prepared for those you love .
christmas time at our house is magical .
everyone puts out amazing decorations .
the whole neighborhood gets involved with the holiday decorating .
our family getting ready to sit down for christmas dinner .
it 's always a fun time when we get together !
our mom invited family over for a special holiday dinner and spent a while cooking .
we piled onto the couch to chat and catch up .
afterwards , we ate supper at the table .
we all then decided to go outside and see the christmas display dad had put up .
we especially liked the snowman !
here is the mother of this family slaving away at the stove for christmas dinner .
and here mom joined the rest of the family for a family picture before sitting down to dinner .
dining room was n't big enough for the entire family , so some sat here and others sat in the family room .
family went for a walk to see the street lights at all the neighbors ' houses . this was one of the favorites .
and here was a friendly snowman greeting everyone who walked by .
we took a trip to a place where they light up colored cloth objects .
they had dragon ones that were really cool .
this dragon one was our facorite one .
we also found the turtle that was hiding from us very amusing .
our last stop was to see a cool guy in a little wagon train , it was so colorful .
it is time for the new year 's parade . the only prediction is that their should be a lot of dragon floats .
dragons are a symbol of good luck and a sign of a good year .
what better way to celebrate the new year then in location location .
this turtle is cute , but it likes to hide it 's eyes .
this is my favorite float of the whole parade and a very fitting end for a great night .
we went to go see the decorations that are going to be in the parade .
it will be at night so they are lit from the insside .
some of them are so very creative , like giant dragons !
my personal favorite was a turtle that seemed shy .
i think the outside material was silk . everything was very asian .
i went to see a play when i was in location last summer .
it was very colorful and lively . at one point there was a large singing dragon .
the dragon then danced around the staged and everyone laughed .
a turtle played hide and seek with the other characters .
finally a boy rode in a carriage while the other characters sang .
the parade of floats we my favorite time of year .
the kids really enjoyed the dragon one , with its bright flaming colors .
the year dragon floats were in large supply .
my turtle one got the largest applause . it was so cute .
my favorite was the little boy driving the cups . this reminded me of my little [male] .
the family went to see the amazing stained glass display .
there was a beautiful blue sky scene .
another scene had a man with a tree growing out of him .
there were some very interesting scenes .
the best scene was the fire scene .
we got to go to the new light up room display while we had the day off .
there was so much to see in all of the details .
the colors were vibrant and made you want to keep looking at it .
the glass work is an artwork not to be taken for granted .
this was a great experience to be able to share with the family .
the ceiling at the exhibit was breathtaking .
each segment was unique and beautiful .
from afar it looked like a blend of colors .
with a closer look , everyone could see the amazing detail .
the artwork was absolutely amazing !
last month i visited the colored glass building downtown to see what it is all about .
it was amazing inside !
there was so much art and color .
i got a little dizzy being inside of the building .
there was too much for me to look at but i am glad i went and saw it .
the children went to see a light show for a field trip .
first the ceiling lit up neon blue .
followed by the image of a man flying across the ceiling .
as the man flew across the ceiling , he came to the sun .
the sun turned into a giant fire breathing dragon .
the fireworks show looked great over the city .
there were many colors and designs .
they could viewed from many spots in town .
some of the best were also the tallest .
so many patterns were made that evening .
it is the fourth of july and our city is known for having the best fireworks display .
we have the best spot to sit and see the fireworks . the red ones are my favorites .
some people like to watch the fireworks from the rooftops .
no matter where you are sitting it is always a good view .
it looks like it is finally time for the grand finale .
they watched the fireworks from a rooftop in the city .
the fireworks were overlapping but still looked spectacular .
the purple fireworks were definitely the best .
but everyone loved it when they all went off at once .
the finale was spectacular and everyone loved watching the fireworks .
4th of july in my fair city !
the firework display is awesome !
look how far the display is away .
getting near the finally of the show .
i love this year 's display .
we just made it downtown for the start of the fireworks .
the sky was lit up with red fireworks .
we made our way around but our new location was not as good as our first location .
finally we found the best spot of the night .
the finale was everyone 's favorite part .
[male] and [female] decided to do some sight seeing . the organization organization seemed a great place to start .
later they got a snack and took in the capital building from a distance .
[male] and [female] visited with their friend [female] , while sight seeing downtown .
later they all went to the top of a lookout , and took amazing photos of the sunset .
[male] felt it had been a good day .
a couple decided to go sight seeing in the city and see many tourist attractions .
the city looked extremely beautiful .
they took a photo in front of the bridge .
the sun was beginning to set .
they went on the ferris wheel during the sunset .
we had our first date in location .
we climbed on top of buildings and watched as life happened below us .
we paused to take pictures to remember the moment .
the sun began to go down , best sunset of my life .
to end the night he took me to the fair .
we recreated our first date . it began at the ferris wheel .
we then had lunch with a view of congress in the background .
we then took a tour of a modern installation .
we ended with dinner at the roof of a hotel .
we watched the sun set with drinks .
i met my date at the ferris wheel .
we chatted for a bit over coffee at a restaurant with a great view of the city .
we decided it might be fun to ride the ferris wheel .
the sunset was beautiful from the top of the ride .
overall , i think the date went really well . i 'd like to go out with him again .
we went down to the beach to watch the fireworks .
everyone was so excited to see the show and we were n't dispointed
the sky was lit up with all different colors .
by the end it was pretty much every color in the rainbow .
the end was spectacular and we have all clapped with applause .
i had a great time at the fireworks show last weekend .
there were a ton of colorful fireworks .
many of them were very loud .
some of them were quiet .
i took a lot of pictures .
the firework show started off slowly
after it kicked off it light up the sky .
their were many different colors , and hues .
like magenta , and purple .
the big finale near the end was very exciting .
[female] watched a fireworks display that reminded her of the constellations above .
the yellow bursts on a red background reminder her of her own galaxy 's sun .
the bursting red bloom reminded her of location .
a purple raining explosion made her think of asteroids encircling other planets .
a final combined bust of color reminded her of how complex and beautiful existence was .
the fireworks display began modestly .
just when the audience was growing a little restless , a surprising flash exploded in the sky .
the fireworks grew larger and filled the sky .
the audience was enraptured and gave out sighs of awe .
the grand finale reduced grown men to tears with its beauty .
my children has a good time on the swing .
they played a lot of the mini games .
there were so many prizes too win and i wanted all of them .
this man went after my boy and won him a bear .
the last thing we rode was this ride at the fair .
today we took all the kids to a carnival that was in town .
the kids rode the swing ride while we watched from below .
then the whole family took a ride in the giant ferris wheel .
i won a pair of not so amused looking lizards at one of the games . who knew anyone won those things .
the kids were pooped and bummed to leave , but we are coming back next week !
the fair was so much fun for the kids !
he hit it !
the prize he picked for winning the game !
look we found [male] !
our last stop before leaving the fair !
[male] really enjoyed going to the fair . he rode the swings .
he played some games .
he even won a stuffed gator .
but , when he asked his friend to join him on the ferris wheel , his friend turned him down .
so , he skipped his favorite ride .
our family went to a local carnival last weekend .
they had a large set of flying swings .
they also had a organization organization .
there were games where you could win prizes .
the carnival had many families and young kids .
americans make poor dietary choices .
this soda fountain pumps thousands of gallons per day .
even our wildlife is addicted to junk food .
locally grown produce hardly even gets unloaded from the truck .
we seek comfort in foods such as ice cream .
i went to see the bridge last week .
there was a tram nearby .
i decided to go to the amusement park .
there were many attractions there .
i really enjoyed all of the decorations .
burgers and fries for lunch before heading out to disneyland .
the first place we took the kids was the bug 's life section . everything was huge .
we even saw some of the characters cleverly hidden in the grasses .
there were random fruit stands on the back of trucks there too .
we managed to get ice cream at one of them .
burgers and fries for breakfast ! a hearty way to start the day .
and certainly in keeping with the oersized playground i was taking my son to .
oh god what 's tha- ... uhm , nevermind . i totally did not get scared by a fixture looming in the vegetation at playland .
on our way out , we saw one of the trucks delivering more supplies to the grounds .
we finished our sunday with a sundae get it ? it had a cherry on top . i love dad jokes . my boy , not so much .
the food at the amusement park is so good .
i like seeing all the unusual attractions .
some of them are n't obvious .
here we see a hillbilly truck .
ca n't leave the park without eating some junk food .
location location is a fun place to visit .
the statues are real looking and you feel like you are in location .
the fake sky seems real .
a cheesecake factory is a good to eat .
the wheel is interesting to look at .
a couple went out to the city to have a date night .
while they were walking , they came across many sculptures .
they decided on the cheesecake factory for dinner .
afterwards , they continued to walk around and saw more sculptures and fountains .
they finished off the date by riding the ferris wheel .
we began our lovely date with a trip to the museum .
we luxriated in the presence of artful sculptures , sharing in beauty that had been known for centuries .
after too much time spent being pretentious , we took a walk .
we made it in time for our reservation at the cheesecake factory , where we are entirely too much fattening food that 's going to kill us .
we concluded our date with a romantic trip on the ferris wheel . well , i thought it was romantic , anyways . my date did n't like it as much given that we it got stuck . it took them three hours to unlock us . she had to pee .
what a sky !
i smell french fries !
we like cheesecake !
so many things to do indoors !
we will be back next year !
our hotel was designed to look like ancient location .
there were many statues in the main lobby going towards the casino .
the ceiling looked so much like the sky , i almost forgot that we were indoors .
the restaurant had good entrees and my red velvet cheesecake was delicious .
it was a shame that we could n't ride the ferris wheel . it would have been fun .
we went to the outdoor concert yesterday .
there were many people there .
we took a lot of pictures .
the band played great .
the drummer was very good .
the small gathering of musicians was under tents .
this bad sang covers .
they were good at dancing and singing .
he had an encore because his voice memorized everyone .
the dress code was anything you want .
the stage was getting prepped for the next band , but some of them were running late .
knowing that he 's late the lead singer hurried to the stage on his over-sized tricycle .
the crowd was growing impatient and some of the children were getting ready to leave .
the drummer was the only member on time . so he decided to rock a drum solo to keep the crowd excited .
during the solo , he noticed his other band members arriving on the giant bike , and called them to stage to start playing .
i went to see a band this weekend .
they had an interesting parking lot shuttle .
i made the kids wear ear protection .
this is my favorite member of the band .
he played really well .
a large crowd had gathered for the planned concert .
nearby , an art display made a welcome diversion during the wait .
some of the younger crowd members started to get restless .
the band finally took stage and began to sound check .
after a brief practice period , the band dove right in to their set .
at hybrid wonderland the robots are the best part .
they can do almost anything .
they can look mad ...
and play jazz
and do it with class .
[female] and friends head to japan to see a futuristic robot .
arriving in the city they snap this beautiful picture of the sea .
once inside they snap a photo of this amazing robot .
they are really amazed by all it can do .
the robot eve starts to play a musical instrument and everyone is impressed .
this is where i plan to spend my day .
this guy seems like he could be a great tour guide , do n't you think ?
he seems to be interested in what we want to do .
he is now entertaining us with blues music .
he did pretty , well , too , if i do say so myself !
we went to hybrid wonderland for our vacation .
here you can see the robot ayumi .
this is a close-up of ayumi 's face .
she can do many things even play trumpet .
she is a very talented trumpet player .
there was a big sign
with a robot .
the robot could move
and play music
and light up .
i love roller coasters a lot . they give me such a thrill when i ride them .
the higher they go and the more turns there are , the more excited i get .
from up here in the swings , the coasters do n't look as big as they are down on the ground .
the swings up here in the sky scare me worse then the roller coasters .
what i always hated about the fairs , were when the ferris wheels would stop with out bucket at the very tip top .
this is an amusement park for families and friends to come and ride rides .
this park has a roller coaster that covers the whole park .
the park has other rides that are not roller coasters .
there is a ferris wheel and other calmer rides for the families to enjoy at the park .
there is a water park where you can relax on hot days or go on water rides .
the line for the rollercoaster was long .
it was a new one with some crazy loops .
you had to walk up a flight of stairs to get to it .
on the way up , you could see the ferris wheel .
we decided to ride on the swings instead because the line was so long .
the group decided to ride the largest roller coaster .
the first large hill gave a bird 's eye view of the park .
as the coaster dove they veered hard to the left .
another rising climb showed the remainder of the coaster ride .
their journey ended in front of the ferris wheel .
our family spent the day at the amusement park .
the kids were excited to ride the roller coasters .
there were so many rides to choose from .
i wanted to get on a less scary ride like the ferris wheel .
at the end of the day , the kids and i rode on the spinning swings .
a beautiful view of the mountains we will be by .
we are getting ready for some adventure .
a beautiful view as the sun is about to set .
getting ready for the night of sleep .
one last view of the mountains before we left .
i have been working on my photography skills .
it is important to build my portfolio with examples of bright pictures .
i love to capture shots of the sunset .
this shot was taken while i was laying down .
it 's not everyday that you have so many opportunities to find great shots in one place .
we had to walk all the way to that mountain .
i brought my sunglasses so i could protect my eyes while i went on this journey .
we came across two lone palm trees on the way to the mountain .
we decided to stop and play on a swing set because it was getting dark .
in the morning we woke up and saw that we had been going the wrong way and the mountain was now even further away .
the person picked out the perfect vacation , beginning with a snowy hike .
next they would ride the ferris wheel .
then go to a beach for a bit .
after that they would look at pictures from the earlier hike .
and finally camp in a tent .
one of my favorite vacation spots provides this breathtaking view of the mountains .
i am always so happy and content while i am travelling .
watching the sun set as the palm trees sway in the breeze is always so relaxing .
there is no better way to end the day than to have a swing as the sun goes down .
even in the snowy mountains i can escape and enjoy myself .
on our trip we decided to visit a local meditation garden .
the plants and stained glass were very calming and refreshing .
it is amazing that people can make such beautiful displays of art .
this one is especially awe inspiring .
but i think the favorite one of my entire vacation is this stained glass ceiling display .
i decided to go to the decorative gardens .
because i wanted to see the plants .
i walked down the pathways .
i saw lots of neat statues .
but my favorite was the stained glass windows .
the stained glass ceiling of the greenhouse was absolutely mesmerizing .
there was an array of exotics plants to look at and the different scents brought all of my senses alive .
the cobblestone walking enhanced the beauty of the flora .
this gorgeous statue and plaque accented the flora nicely .
as the sun was setting the stained glass windows looked as if they were coming alive .
i took a trip to the local indoor garden .
there were many plants of all shapes and sizes .
the colored glass made for some amazing sights .
the architecture they used really complimented both the garden and the glass enclosure .
as night and it became time to leave i took one last look at the beautiful art surrounding me .
our trip to the greenhouse was eye opening .
we were jealous of all of the large greenery .
we followed the path to get a better view of the stained glass windows .
the stained glass window seemed to glow in the sunlight .
although we came to see the plants , the stained glass windows will keep us coming back .
we were up at a hilltop overlook .
they had a ferris where that we rode on .
i took a picture of my wife on the stairs overlooking the view .
there was also a cool looking tower in teh distance .
we really enjoyed looking over the tree covered hillside .
we are visiting location for the first time . i am excited to take in all of the sites , especially some historic cathedrals .
we are leaving time for play at a local amusement park .
this is me on the roof overlooking the city .
is n't it beautiful ? i just love the sites .
after the city we decide to explore the countryside .
my husband and i went on a vacation in the mountains last year .
there was a huge ferris wheel near our hotel .
my husband stopped to take a photograph on the bridge we walked on every day .
from our hotel room we could see the top of the tallest tower in the mountains .
and from the other window in our hotel room we had a great view of the mountains .
the fair took place in the shadow of a dramatic castie .
the ferris wheel gave access to the sites of the valley .
from the ferris wheel one could look over the roofs of the village .
one could see farther still over the entire town .
on the opposite side , one could see from the ferris wheel the green hills and mountains in the distance .
this is the view at the entrance to the amusement park when we went .
the ferris wheel is our first stop when we go .
we went down to the separate area . it 's quite a long walk .
there are more rides , tents , and activities at the bottom area .
then we left so we could see the beautiful nature outside of the park .
one day a little girl was looking out her window .
she saw some construction equipment .
they started to put up some wiring .
it began to wind up into a neat structure .
when it was done she could n't believe how interesting it was !
i enjoyed touring the city with so much detail .
the vibrant colors on the balcony draw your eyes upwards .
the purple is a unique choice for the outer exterior .
some of the details were not meant for practical uses .
they took a long time to construct the artworks .
the little girl looked out the window .
she saw the craned as they covered the tower .
since it was not sturdy , barbed wire was needed .
the wire was wrapped around the tower to prevent people from trying to climb .
the tower should be well protected so that nobody comes to harm .
[female] looked about at all the constructing going on for the new stadium .
she imagined that the two lifts were dragons in a fierce battle .
the razor wire was a pile of snakes .
she thought the staircase was alive .
[female] liked playing this game , she would do so everyday until the stadium was complete .
i went to location to take photographs for school last week , i brought my daughter along with me .
the first photograph i took was of two big , abandoned cranes
my favorite photograph i took was of barbed wire .
i noticed this awesome roller coaster near the towns center .
it 's still under construction , but it will be huge when it 's done .
we are visiting the carnival for the day . we need to make sure not to get lost in this crowd .
the first stop we make is obviously for the food . is it a good idea to get stuffed right before going on rides ?
well , i guess it 's too late for that now . the roller coaster is the first ride we decide to go onto .
we spend the day jumping from ride to ride and getting really dizzy .
it 's time to go home , but i guess we have enough time to catch one last ride .
the family decided to go to the amusement park .
the girls wanted to go on a ride .
our boy wanted to ride alone .
the kids then dared the adults to go on a ride .
it was a very packed park .
we had a great day at the amusement park .
first we were a bit hungry , so we had a guy carve some food off for us .
then we went to ride a rollercoaster , which was great fun .
it was a busy day , there were a lot of people there .
we capped off the day with a ride on the swingy boat .
we went to the amusement park the other day . there were tons of people .
everyone took turns on the rides .
they were a lot of fun .
the whole family went with us .
we had a great day at the amusement park , but it was getting too busy for us and we decided to leave .
we decided to take the family to the amusement part today .
the girls liked the boat ride .
their brother even hopped on for a ride .
we all enjoyed the roller coaster .
even though it was crowded , we had a great time .
this is jonco and i . we decided today that we would meet some new people in our town .
our first couple we met were su and [male] . they were brother and sister . they love to take walks together every morning . they were a close pair .
this is [female] and location . they are conjoined twins , attached at the hip . they look posed but they actually have to stand this way because they were born attached to each other . what a fun pair !
this is rob . we met him just down the street . he would n't let us photograph his waist down because he has the body of a frog and it embarrasses him . he did n't talk much .
our final man we happened upon in the park is paulo . he was a russian spy ! 2 seconds after this photo was taken he had us both on the ground with our feet tied behind our backs ! ! we were heavily beaten and eventually passed out . we never saw him again .
my college friend came to visit me in my new city .
of course we had to do the touristy things like go to the zoo and look at the animal .
we also looked at the tourists .
here is a photo of us not going on one of the worlds scariest coasters .
once the sun went down there were other spots to visit .
during our trip there we saw street performers .
we met very neat people .
these people became our guides and best friends .
we did a lot of hiking outside .
it was autumn and chilly . time to go home .
the city is exciting year round .
in the colder months , people bundle up to watch outdoor performances .
in the spring , the greenhouse opens up for people to explore as well .
in the fall , it is common to see students walking around the college campus .
the parks are also a common gathering location year round .
there was once a man that decided he wanted to explore the city with an old friend .
they visited the museum first and saw funny looking outdoor sculptures .
then they visited the park where they found other tourists taking pictures .
next they went downtown and looked at all the tall buildings and unique statues .
they ended their tour at the famous eiffel tower .
i took a evening trip down to the beach .
i got to see very many seaguls while i was there .
this one let me get very close to him .
i then noticed how many birds were around the ferris wheel .
here you can see how many of them are sitting on a ferris wheel cab and the adjoining strucutre .
every morning i watch the gulls as they land on the sea shore in search of food .
sea gulls can be very loud creatures , but in the early morning they seem to be a little more quiet .
i love watching as they fly over the abandoned amusement park .
the ferris wheel is usually a good resting place before they take off for the day .
i love watching the beach in the early morning . it helps relax me before i start my day .
i woke up early one day and went out for a jog along the pier .
i saw some lone sea birds digging for insects .
i jogged passed the ferris wheel that was closed at the time .
there were tons of birds on it .
the street lights were still on because it was so early .
the trip to the beach was filled with the sights and sounds of birds .
in and out of the water the birds were all over .
this bird seemed like it was enjoying the cool water on it 's feet .
the birds even took over the ferris wheel .
it was fun to see so much wildlife in a place that is usally filled with people .
this is going to be a series of pictures of birds . these birds flock to the shorelines in and sometimes display murmurations in the sky .
here one bird out of the many is taking solace in the water .
here is another closeup of the same bird showing its reflection in the water .
this was a cool photo of the birds beginning to form a murmuration behind the ferris wheel .
some birds defected from the flocks to rest on one of the ferris wheel 's cages .
a family with a yellow man .
a boy in a lego car .
a person in a lego train .
a boy on a fake pony .
a boy with a big creature .
there was once a small family that decided to celebrate their youngest son 's birthday by spending the day at an amusement park .
he was so excited to spend the day having fun he had a grin on his face from ear to ear .
his dad even took him on a couple of roller coaster rides .
the birthday boy and his brother even watched a parade pass by .
he ended the day with by taking a wacky photo .
we went to lego land and posed with a yellow lego man at the entrance .
[male] rode a blue lego car enthusiastically .
we also all took a ride on the lego train .
then [male] and [male] took turns on the jousting horse .
there were a lot of lego sculptures around the park that the boys posed in front of .
lego land was going to be so much fun . the boys have been excited all week .
toms first thing was to drive the lego cars .
and jacks was to ride the train , how he loved trains .
then [male] acted like a knight on top of the metal horse .
after seeing the largest robot ever , it was time to leave . bye lego land .
the family spent the day at the amusement park .
the older son loved the water games .
the dad loved the falling ride .
the children looked at some of the decorations .
the children 's favorite decorations were the holiday ones .
we went down to the park to see the rides at night .
everything looked so cool at night , even the plain bridge in the way over .
we just could n't believe how cool the ferris wheel looked .
we saw the statue on our way as well .
our last photo we took was from the ferris wheel and the view we saw .
the arc of the bridge offered a rainbow-like sign of hope .
he took the ferry across the harbor to meet her at the fair .
the lights from the fair were enticing .
she had agreed to meet him under the ferris wheel .
when he got there , however , she was nowhere to be found .
on a cool fall night a organization wheel continues to turn in the distance .
in the distance a metro train passes over a bridge .
the reflection of the lights on the ferris wheel reflect on the surface of the water .
we stop to gaze at a local landmark statue .
we end are fall night with a treat of an ice cold coca-cola as we walk off into the distance .
we headed off to the fair .
we set out and realized this was going to be harder then we thought .
we had to take the long way around the bay .
we got to see some cool stuff though .
it was worth it when we finally arrived .
the city is very lovely with its architectural bridges and unique buildings .
a great way to view the city is in the evening on a boat trip .
see the way the pier and boardwalk lights up in the dusk ?
the ferris-wheel is lit up and beautiful this time of evening . it is probably full of people viewing the city from above .
notice the one of the statues that are scattered through the city . it is details like this that add to the wonder of the moment .
we went to a political rally in location location .
there were tons of people there who had camped out for days .
the media that covered the story set up near by with chairs .
this man was very vocal about the cause .
after three days , the mayor 's aid showed up and made a short speech .
we all gathered on this gloomy day to protest .
fairness in voting is something that needs attention , so it was up to us to raise awareness .
we even brought the children along to see us in action .
there were plenty of bloggers and reporters there to report as the story unfolded .
as the day wore down , we were unsure of our progress .
it was a fair votes now rally .
many other types of protesters came though and they all camped outside with us .
some brought along their laptops and blogged .
we had veterans joining us .
and on the other end of the spectrum , rich people too .
the protesters marched down the road with their signs held high .
after a few cycles around the road , they decided to join together and rest out front of a government building .
they began researching more information on the cause with their laptops and discussed how their protest was going .
one member brought up the idea of bigger signs and more outrageous hats to call more attention for the cause .
however , the de facto female leader of the protest decided that a more professional look would suit the cause better .
someone holds a sign promoting fair votes .
protesters camp out for their cause .
media members document the event .
a protester looks on .
a woman stares with deep interest .
what do people do on their weekends ? go to lego competitions of course .
my son is getting way to many ideas .
[male] [male] 's `` it '' was quite the hit .
it 's amazing what you can do with legos .
we even saw location location location complete with tiny hunchback .
this is my birthday gift .
a trip to the lego store to see all the designs .
there is my favorite band , megadeth !
also cool comic book characters .
i 'm definitely going to buy some pieces to be creative myself .
legos are cool !
this guy is an artist .
bozo !
this thing actually moved !
good lord..how much time went into this ?
the lego convention was up and running .
so many people created amazing things .
even things from movies got turned into lego ,
some made cool monsters .
they even made large buildings , all out of legos .
the lego convention started with some incredible creations .
one of the younger creators displayed his work .
a creepy it clown would be seen from far away .
a large squidlike creature showed just how imaginative people could be .
an incredibly complex house was a treat for architecture fans .
[female] and [female] were out on the beach with papa [male] and friends .
[male] smiled as his friends got together a kite for flying .
[male] covered his mouth while finishing a snack .
after a bit of work , [male] and [male] were able to get the kite up in the air .
[female] was unimpressed , although [female] was happy .
i fixed my roof today .
after that we all went out for a walk .
we stopped by the park .
on the way back we went through some alleys .
it was very cloudy today .
today i took my daughter out for a walk on the beach .
my husband and my brother in law came along as well .
my brother in law was getting his kite together .
when he was done , he let the kite fly high in the sky .
we watched him fly the kite .
[female] took [female] and i out to the beach
it was a bit foggy out .
[male] had a business call , and never caught any fish he promised us .
a lot of kites were being flown .
[female] loved making sandcastles , but got tired after .
today we went on our annual beach trip
we got up really early to get their before most of the crowds .
we had no trouble finding a spot to set our stuff .
we stopped by a local shop and bought a kite to fly .
the whole trip was even more special because it was our daughters first one .
it was a great night to go to the carnival
people rode all of the great rides
and then the night fell and it lit up like a firework
the farris wheel was shining bright in the dark of night
it was a great time at the park that night
the evening started innocently enough . my family and i went to the carnivale .
the night came on quick , and we decided a ride on the organization organization was necessary .
i started getting dizzy while looking at the center of the wheel . i needed to get a little distance .
i took a little red car to get away from the organization organization . it was overwhelming me .
we ended up leaving the carnivale , and heading home a little dizzier , and more content .
we went to the fair yesterday and had a great time on the swings .
could see everything from the ferris wheel .
and loved the colors .
hubby rode the sky lift but i wanted no part of it .
after we left i turned and snapped this picture . the fair in all of it 's glory .
going to the amusement park is a lot of fun the swing ride is always the first thing i go on .
this ride makes me dizzy , but i still can not resist going on it a few times .
this is what the park looks like after i get off of it at night !
i spotted the ferris wheel on the other side of the park , and i knew i had to ride it .
it was a breathtaking scene once i was at the very top of it !
went to the park , rode on this spiny thing .
`` it looks like a giant fly ethal . '' said my old man .
`` this ding-dang camera wo n't focus '' the old coot exclaimed .
i told him i would take care of it , he just had to change the setting .
we rode this late into the night , holding hands and remembering old times .
we came to enjoy a clipper 's game .
we saw our favorite team do a great job .
after we waited to sign autographs .
it was a fun experience talking about what we liked and did n't like .
pictures were taken all through the night .
there was a carnival in town last week .
we could n't wait to get inside !
we were so excited to ride the roller coasters .
we love how high up they go !
we had such a good time riding the roller coasters over and over !
at the organization game the fan cam is looking for eager fans to be shown on the jumbotron .
the two home town teams continue to battle for the rebounds .
outside of the stadium fans continue to walk around and have a good time .
strangers slowly become friends as they talk about the game .
as a man takes a group photo of his friends on this night .
an exciting basketball game starts off with a tip-off .
the women look up to see themselves on the jumbo-tron , embarrassed and amused .
in contrast , however , the large group of men are beyond themselves when they see their faces .
they begin to hoop and holler , content with the game at hand , and at their appearance within it .
the whole crowd appears to be getting into the game , with people sporadically getting up to get a better look .
the basketball payers stepped out onto the court .
the camera scanned the audience .
people cheered and got hyped .
the place was pretty packed .
the stadium was stuffed with people .
this japanese building holds a very unique garden in it .
the building stands tall as it is a few stories high .
behind it leads the way to an outside garden .
a path displays a very interesting walkway for people .
with all sorts of statues to look at while walking .
we took a trip to location , and started off by going sight seeing .
the stone plaque at the history museum , with a quote .
this beautiful building in down town location has been there for hundreds of years .
it looks like a wishing well , but it was really one of the garbage cans !
the city was full of these neat statures . here is one of them outside the gates .
i 'm taking a class on asian architecture .
it 's an ancient tradition .
asian architecture is unmistakable .
their gardens are interesting as well .
i find their statues especially interesting .
it was the kind of trip art lovers dream about . going oversees to explore the creations of artists world wide .
visiting the organization organization organization monuments was a breath taking experience .
next up was a traditional japanese temple .
even the incense burners were beautifully crafted
the final stop of the day was the jade carvings .
our trip to location was amazing .
we got to see how they built their temples .
they used such distinctive architecture and paid so much attention to details .
even the steps leading up to the temples were cool .
they were lined with statues that all had important meanings behind them .
roller coasters are scary .
this is a great spot to lose your lunch .
is this track supposed to be sideways ?
this roller coaster is also known as , `` scary plunge to your death , '' maybe .
if i were meant to fly upside down , i would have grown upside down flying things .
we went to see the new roller coaster in town today .
it has so many different loops .
and all sorts of crazy turns !
we love riding roller coasters so much !
we had such a great time and ca n't wait to come back !
the new roller coaster looked amazing with all the curved tracks .
the long curves up and the drop looked like it would be alot of fun .
then when it got lower and you can see where you would accelerate had me in chills .
the other new one looked like it would be a lot of fun too because of how high it went up .
then the loops in the track . i can see myself puking already .
another day at the carnival .
these rides were intense !
so many times , i felt like throwing up .
thankfully i was not the only one who was a little queezy .
going upside down , almost made the man in front of me have a stoke .
a group of friends chose a red roller coaster to try out .
it 's curves were sharp and scary !
the ride dove over and under itself multiple times .
afterwards the group decided to try out a blue coaster with a big climb .
it did a loop that none of them were prepared for !
today is the day that i decide to face my fear of heights .
i am at the amusement park and i ride on some of the down to earth rides before i prepare myself for ...
the great gasp . what is the great gasp ? pure insanity if you ask me .
i 'm not sure if i really should do it , but my friends are pushing me too .
well it 's too late now , i 'm going . wish me luck .
there was an old abandoned amusement park off the road .
there was a tall iconic structure that could be seen miles away .
as they looked around they saw the entrance to the water slide .
after exploring , they decided the leave the park .
admiring from afar and wondering what happened to their childhood park .
we tried to get into the new section of the amusement park but it turns out that it is still under construction .
it was a nice clear day for the park .
some of the rides were very scary .
they extended very high into the sky .
some of the road was marked off because of the construction .
we were n't aloud to go past the barricade .
the rides are intense here at the park .
the new ride will be revealed soon .
we tried to get good pictures of the new ride .
this photo gives us a sneak peak of things to come .
my friends and i went to an amusement park , but some of the rides were closed .
the ride i was most excited for was closed for the day .
i was surprised to see graffiti at the amusement park .
my friend took a ride on a parachute .
the parachute was huge and red , white and blue .
we toured this historical church on our vacation .
the church was filled with ornate stained glass art .
this window even included a prayer written within .
some of the windows were cut in elaborate designs .
leaving the church , we saw an old cemetery in the back yards .
we went to visit the church .
inside are lots of stained glass windows .
we enjoyed taking pictures of the many scenes .
they were all very beautiful to look at .
we 'll have to come back and visit again soon , it was a beautiful church !
we entered the old church the other day .
the first thing we noticed was the amazing artwork that the church contained .
we then noticed the amazing stained glass within the church .
whoever built this church was quite an artist .
after looking at all the artwork , we left the church , and made plans to visit again .
i went to church last sunday for the first time .
there was so much beautiful artwork inside .
the windows were all so pretty .
they had so much detail .
when church was over i felt very happy . i ca n't wait to go back this week .
there was once an old church with a unique set of stain glass windows that were in need of cleaning .
they were quite beautiful pieces of art and history , with vibrant colors that had grown dark due to dust .
a professional team was hired to clear the windows , and once they were done the windows shined bright .
the oldest stain glass window was the most beautiful of all with its unique blue hue .
after the windows were restored the church appeared to be like new .
[female] went to an air show last week .
they had four palnes doing maneuvers in the air .
they left white wakes behind them .
the wakes looked pretty in the sky .
in the evening they flew away to home .
today we saw some planes doing some neat stunts .
they did aerial acrobatics and made pictures in the sky
some of the pilots had amazing skills .
after the show was over we took a ride on the ferris wheel .
then we headed home to get some food and sleep .
the planes started the airshow simple with just jet streams and little stunts .
quickly the show added more planes flying closely together and doing stunts as a squadron .
the pilots did quick bank turns and left wild jet streams and amazing flying skills rule the air .
one plane did rolls and stunts that made his jet stream very twisted and jagged looking .
after they were done to end the show , they planes did a low height squadron fly by . it was a great show .
watching the air show at the fair !
i do n't see how they can do that !
i really hope they do n't crash !
that wheel looks like so much fun !
everyone leaving after the air show .
the day we went to see the airshow , a fair was also in progress .
the planes seemed to fly so close to the ferris wheel then fly off again .
then the planes did some amazing dives .
you could tell who was there for the fair , they all had shady umbrellas .
those of us there for the planes stood uncovered in the streets looking up at the sky .
he is getting dressed as his favorite character so see his favorite movie .
the line is n't too long and he thinks he 'll get in quickly .
that is until he turns the corner and see that the line is longer then he thought .
after the movie he decides to ride the ferris wheel and relax .
his final fun thing for the day is the carousel , because he is just a kid at heart .
the new cinema had a successful opening day .
people were excited to see the new exhibits .
the children could enjoy the merry-go-round .
the adults enjoyed the ride just as much as the children .
they had characters for all to interact with .
there was once a man who was a big fan of a famous children 's television show .
one day he read in the newspaper that there was going to be a be festival for his favorite show at the local theater .
he joined the line hours in advance with a group of other super-fans to ensure he would have a ticket .
as the festival began , he noticed that there were also rides and games for everyone to enjoy .
of all the rides his favorite was the old fashioned merry go round .
a new movie was being released about a popular children 's character .
the family decided to go to a new release of a movie .
they waited in a long line .
there was a giant ferris wheel there .
there were rides there such as a ferris wheel and merry go round .
the boy was extremely excited to see his favorite book be shown as a movie and dressed up for the premiere .
the movie theater was packed when he arrive , but he managed to buy tickets .
the line to get into the movie theater was massive as people waited to get the best seats .
after the amazing show , he decided to visit the local carnival because he loves ferris wheels .
he also decided to take a ride on the merry go round , which was a perfecting ending to his day !
someone had cleverly adapted an abandoned space into a bright graffiti covered area .
skateboarders and cyclists were making the most of the concrete ramps and vast space to test out their best moves .
the location eye looked over the chaos beneath , moving slowly and calmly .
a dhali sculpture stood out against the pale blue sky next to the location eye .
the view from the eye was amazing as the sun set over the houses of parliament and big [male] .
the sun was setting behind the old church .
a man was walking under the bridge as it got darker .
the graffiti on the pylons made the bridge seem less dark than it was .
the man decided to climb up on one of the pylons .
he watched his friend do tricks on his bike .
we tried to go all around town finding as many different aspects as we could . that is when we came upon this bmx park that was built within a freeway overpass .
the bmx riders were absolutely amazing , and did all kinds of different tricks for us , to show off a bit of their skill .
after the bmx park we came upon a fair going on on the outskirts of the town , and we saw a huge organization organization .
while walking up for a ride on the organization organization we could n't believe our eyes , as if an elephant is n't tall enough , this one had stilts !
from the top of the ferris wheel we had the most amazing view of the city . it was so gorgeous we never wanted to leave the view behind , so we took this photo so we could save it forever .
there are many forms of art , including intricate graffiti .
the body in motion could be considered artistic , such as this athlete with his bicycle .
the pattern of the colored cars on this ferris wheel is intended to be artistic .
an elephant on stilts is used to clean the higher cars of the ferris wheel .
the cityscape , a collection of architecture , is a collective art piece .
a far away view of the bike and skateboard park .
the biker is practicing a trick at the park .
the ferris wheel is one of the cities best attractions .
in addition to the ferris wheel , the tall elephant is an attraction as well .
a view of the cities skyline as the sun sets .
it was time for a fun day at disney
the kids posed for pictures with the characters
woody and buzz were having a great time
the beauty and the beast were there as well
and it was a wonderful night at disney
i had the best time at the organization theme park .
i met my favorite monster .
i went on some amazing rides .
i got to explore [male] 's hat .
i even got to see beauty and the beast live .
our first time to organization , had a wonderful time .
my nephew posing a character from organization organization .
here is my favorite , toy story .
we saw a play , cinderella . it was amazing .
after a long day , we settled in a restaurant to get something to eat .
we had a great time riding the tower of terror .
we even got some photos with the organization organization guys .
we hung out with woody and buzz .
then we saw sleeping beauty live !
when it got dark we saw all the pretty chinese lanterns .
i could n't wait to get inside the tower .
there were so many amazing characters to see there .
i got to ride every ride that i thought of .
i even caught a wonderful show .
by the end of the night it was time to rest and eat some chinese food .
a fair was held for the children .
they went on the merrygoround .
the bounce house was a fun thing for the kids .
everyone enjoyed seeing their kids have fun .
they hoped the fair would come back next year .
we visited the local amusement park this weekend .
there were many rides and also a playground .
we especially liked this huge penguin slide .
we ended up at the best attraction at the end which we rode to relax .
it was really colorful and interesting . i 'm sure we will be back next year .
my kids really enjoyed there day at the carnival .
they played on this playground for about 30 minutes .
after that , they played on the inflatable penguin slide .
then they went around and around on the carousal .
these are the carousal animals that they rode .
when we arrived at the park this morning we were surprised to see a festival set up .
i guess we missed the signs for that , but we quickly went to get tickets .
[female] loved that the bouncy house was a gorilla instead of just being a typical primary color toy .
we still chose to ride the carousel because it is one of our favorite things about the park .
luckily we got there earlier enough that we could ride our favorite horses .
today our local park was having a small carnival .
a lot of parents brought their kids to play .
they had many inflatable castles and slides .
we even took a ride together on the merry go round .
this was my favorite horse to ride on .
i went to grab some coffee today .
we had a great breakfast as well .
we ate a lot of food .
it was all very delicious .
afterward we went to the carnival .
today we are trying out a new restaurant that opened in our neighborhood .
the name if the restaurant is mela , and they serve spanish cuisine .
i had the soup of the day , and it was so delicious .
we left the kids home with the sitter , and they seem to be having fun .
this was the main entre , it did not look appealing , but my husband says it tasted good .
we had a fun shopping day .
we needed a new car , but ended up doing everything besides look at sedans .
the soup at `` mela '' is to die for .
there was even live music .
after this feast , we got ice cream cake !
we headed out to find a place for lunch .
we found a place and stopped inside .
the food was good .
the atmosphere was the best part .
we ordered our dishes and enjoyed out lunch .
a couple 's plans started with brunch at a nice restaurant .
it provided a very cozy atmosphere .
the food they ate was splendid according to all involved .
they ended with a quick dessert before moving on with their day .
they made their way to the amusement park and rode the carousel .
my friends and i went on a history trip .
on the boat , we took pictures of other boats like this .
we used this rope to bring in the anchor for our boat .
one of my partners posed on the ship for a picture .
while the sun went down , we cruised and took pictures of the city line .
today we explored a giant wooden ship !
on board we ran into some friends who were happy to see us .
the view from the boat was beautiful . we got to cruise around in it all day .
the giant sails use wind power to keep us going ! the crew was nice enough to show u how it all works
we took a nice subway ride home full of gained knowledge off all things nautical .
yesterday we went to the docks to watch the fishermen .
we saw the ships sailing in and out of the docks .
the ropes that the fishermen used was really thick .
all the fishermen were very friendly .
we went home that night very happy to have learned more about the fishermens work .
the group got together to visit some antique ships .
this boat is a replica of one of the first boats to hit the shores of location .
this rope is used to help anchor the boat to the harbor .
everyone in the group took turns posing for pictures .
from the front of the boat , the group saw a beautiful view of the bay .
[male] and perseus were friends
who always dreamed of sailing around the world .
they learned to tie knots , coil ropes , and all sorts of other things that pirates should learn .
when they were finally ready to go , [male] took a picture of perseus saying goodbye to their homeland ,
and the friends sailed off on their voyage .
the crowds gathered at the boardwalk during the day .
there was even a line for the ferris wheel ...
however , as the night came over the city ...
the lines dwindled and the streets became empty .
it became a beautiful and quiet night in the city .
the crowd waiting for the parade to start .
watching the parade from the balcony .
location band playing a trumpet .
people walking not he streets and eating street food .
the ferris wheel light up at night .
fair day and the crowd bustles in .
the ferris wheel is always a main attraction .
at night it 's even more magnificent .
but , it 's getting late and the crowds are waning the city .
one last photo of the water fountain .
the crowd all gathered for the event .
people lined the buildings and the streets .
the festival began there shortly .
i started out pretty tame during the day .
by night , that had completely changed .
today we took a trip into the city .
i really wanted to ride the organization organization , i 'd never seen one in a city before .
it was even prettier at night .
the city was beautiful and i went up to the fountain .
i tossed a quarter in and made a wish .
going to the festival was the best anniversary idea .
we saw our musical idol live and in concert .
his son even played a solo .
we danced by our selves .
later we rode some of the rides in the park .
when we got to the fair we found out they had a live band .
we went to the stage .
they had a great performance .
they were very good .
i stayed there listening to them for hours .
it was great weather for the carnival .
the blues rock band was great . the lead guitar player could shred ! !
bass players are always a crowd favorite . they carry the band .
the whole crowd got in to the music . some danced along .
we did n't try out too many rides . they looked fun though !
while traveling across the country , we found this small town .
they were having a concert
this guy really knew how to play !
we danced to the music .
we would not dare to go on this ride .
a new band is playing tonight .
the guitar player is actually very good .
him and the bassist are very talented .
the bassist played a great solo .
he is even better than i thought !
more fireworks for the kids to enjoy . i think this is the third set this week .
the purple ones are always the best .
you could almost reach out and touch them ... they look so close .
the kids were really having a great time .
finale was really cool . these people know how to put on a good show .
we all went to the fireworks show last weekend .
it was beautiful .
the fireworks were very loud .
i had a great time taking pictures .
we stayed for about half an hour .
we watched some fireworks last night .
i was with some friends and we were just drinking and talking .
by the last hour , the fireworks noise was becoming just the norm and not even interrupting us .
we were getting tired within the last 20 minutes of the show .
finally , it ended with a huge cluster of colors and pops .
fireworks burst over the town .
the purple fireworks ar unique and pretty .
a large colorful blast .
two bright blast go off .
a streak of bright light illuminates under the fireworks .
the fireworks display started and we all sat and watched quietly .
each mortar blast was more amazing than the last .
they shot off a huge one that seemed to explode through the whole sky .
there were many pretty colored fireworks .
the finale was amazing and i 'm glad we had our camera .
the ticket box was set up at the front of the fair .
the carosel was quickly gathering a line .
the singers were ready for the show .
the crowds began to grow .
the prizes were set to be won .
`` day in the park '' is a big event in our city .
they bring in a vintage carousel that everyone loves .
they also have a local barbershop quartet that sings during the day .
there are a lot of antiques and old artifacts on display and for sale as well .
and tons and tons of locally made , and home made , goodies for everyone .
the red and white stand was perfect for the fair .
the carousel got a lot of attention and focus .
the small performance was very entertaining .
we gathered together at the fair for good times .
there were so many prizes too win !
we took [male] to the fair .
it was a little crowded .
there was a lot of good music .
and the antique collections were nice to see .
we brought back a lot of souvenirs .
we went to the fair and saw a clown in the dunk tank .
we went on the carousel and had fun .
we saw a live singing group .
there were so many people but it was still a great time .
we won a bunch of prizes from playing games !
we love to go see the fireworks on the 4th of july .
they always put on such an amazing display .
it is so much fun watching them light up the night sky .
there were so many different pretty colors this year .
we had such a good time this year !
these fireworks are amazing ! look how cool they look .
these are so close we could reach out and touch them . they are spectacular .
oh , look at the purple one ! my wife 's favorite .
these must have cost alot of money but they are worth it .
the finale was the best we 've seen all week .
i was really looking forward to the fireworks .
this picture shows why i was so excited . they are so beautiful .
everybody around me was enjoying them so much .
i could feel my smiling from ear to ear from the excitement .
this finale drew such a round of applause from all those around .
we found a great spot to stop and watch the fireworks .
amazing colors lit the sky .
the sound of the fireworks popped in the air .
cheers from the crowd could be heard even from where we were .
the grand finale was an amazing sight ! happy 4th of july , location !
this was the best night for fireworks .
these are towards the beginning , you can see the large pink one
these are some low level fireworks with some high level ones .
this was a nice display of about 10 fireworks that went off at the same time .
this is part of the grand finale .
when i woke up this morning my bedroom was full of flowers ! growing from the floor ! this one was practically in my face !
over by my nightstand was where this one was standing brightly . it 's so beautiful but how did it get there ?
i jumped out of bed and ran to my closet to see a bunch of these pink and yellow flowers . they hissed at me ! ! scared i jumped back and ran to my door .
this huge red cluster of prickly red needles was blocking my doorway ! i could n't escape ! ! i was crying and peed all over my floor .
i turned around to see a giant red flower larger than my head rise up and emit a huge puff of smoke into my face and i fell onto the floor and died .
art helps to depict a story . painting is one way to do it .
it does n't matter what story you want to tell . you can find inspiration anywhere .
even from flowers . flowers have such vibrant colors .
and such interesting designs . it makes you so creative .
what do you think ? it looks pretty good to me .
a man has found a way to display beauty of an object as mundane as a spray can by using artistic license .
even grafitti can be made to be beautiful with color and design .
however , nature is a stiff competitor as the life size view of a flower is quite beautiful .
this intricately designed pattern gives a different look .
and finally , the work in progress as a man continues the quest for beauty .
the botanical society opened its doors friday .
i am an avid flower lover .
the bright pinks are so vibrant .
they have unique varieties as well .
we love the red ones the best .
at an art show , there were some artwork that portrayed a style of graffiti . here 's one of a paint can used to spray the graffiti .
here is one that you would think you were in an inner city underpass .
then in the midst of all the graffiti art there was this one . very interesting change of scenery and style .
did n't know what to make of this one . seemed to be some underwater sea urchin or plant of some sort .
then it was back to graffiti art depicting a man spraying the graffiti on a wall .
the statue sits in the garden .
animals sometimes roam in the fields .
we tend to plants , flowers a d other shrubbery .
it complements the land well .
nature gets really close sometimes .
the start of the sightseeing tour , taking photos of each other from opposite sides of the street .
very clean windows along the covered walkway reflected the street below .
the strange little cottage was a stark difference to the modern architecture around it .
even more strange to see someone tending to a perfect flower garden in the middle of all the concrete and glass .
the local butterfly population seemed to be grateful though !
we went to my grandfathers nursery in location .
some of the things i saw there seemed futuristic .
in the middle of it was a very traditional home . it reminded me of a gingerbread house .
the landscape was full of contrast and sharp colors .
i saw a butterfly there that i have never seen before in my life .
my friend and i went to location yesterday for a photo shoot .
i never knew holland had such amazing architecture .
there was a cute little traditional hut near the large building .
a woman was gardening outside of the hut .
i walked up to her to see the flowers , they were unusual unlike anything i 've ever seen .
we found this interesting scarecrow during our tour of the gardens .
the horse does n't seem to mind the ornaments hanging over it 's face .
the garden are kept up beautifully as was explained to us .
these ground take the car of several dedicated gardeners on the property .
the succulent flowers certainly attract various species of butterflies .
this photographer lives in the city , but he also has a secret life as a squirrel mascot .
being a squirrel mascot is n't bad , but sometimes he like to take a break .
he will leave his mascot head behind because it is really hot .
and he will get on his bike and take a ride through the countryside .
his favorite place to rest is under a nearby radio tower . it 's far enough away to make him feel like he is king of the world .
this is the man in the bear mascot .
he was left alone in the garage .
we found him like this and ran to find help .
but when we returned he was gone .
we will remember him always .
drunk squirrel is drunk .
he ca n't find his car in the parking garage .
as he wanders the parking garage , he is attacked by thugs .
they remove his wallet and head .
a candle is lit in vigil , a reminder of drunk squirrel 's plight .
[male] is like what the heck it that , is that a drunk squirrel ?
[male] follows knowing this has to be a good story for his blog .
as [male] rounds the corner he notices that the squirrel has lost his head , and he picks it up and notices the rest of the squirrel is going out the door to the parking lot .
[male] jumps on his bike and follows .
as he gets close to the tower , he losses him . no one will believe this , i need to stop drinking early in the morning .
i went with a friend to learn about photography .
we took some silly pictures using huge mask .
we even tried just taking pictures of the mask without a person in it .
i learned that many ordinary things could be photographed to great affect .
there were photos to be taken everywhere , even right above our heads .
we arrived at the park ready for fun .
a map allowed us to plan our fun .
this was ridden several times .
the directions are written in more than one .
lodging areas were nice and cozy .
the worst thing about going to the amusement park is that i have the most terrible sense of direction .
i want to ride the ferris wheel and i can see it in the distance , but i am having trouble finding it .
okay here is another map . i need to go to the left and then a slight right .
i 'm lost , but luckily i found more directions .
at last , i get to ride the ferris wheel . this is my favorite ride of all time .
i was so lost the other day . i knew the the fair was but i did n't know how to get there from here .
i could see it over there but the path was blocked .
the map was so hard to read .
this sign makes much more sense .
thankfully i arrived before they closed .
taking the family to the amusement park i could n't believe how big it was .
we had to walk a lot to get to all the great attractions .
i kept getting lost , thankfully there was always a map close at hand .
handy markes took us to all the important places .
we ended the day with a ride on this giant ferris wheel .
my boyfriend took me to kariya last year
it consists of a shopping mall next to amazing oasis
it 's ferris wheel was just amazing
the directions were all in korean language but still we managed
the dining area was just amazing and gorgeous
this is [male] . i met him on social media and he lured me into a date with him .
he was so sweet and nice . he took me to see a large [male] mouse ferris wheel and we really hit it off .
2 hours after our date began we were lip locking while this was going on . i could n't stop kissing him . we wanted each other so badly .
come to find out earlier that evening he was doing the same thing with this woman ! her name is [female] .
before [female] it was a girl almost identical to me named [female] . the three of us girls are now hunting him down . so if you see this man contact one of us !
out of town to give another presentation .
on the stage i the same speech as always .
adoring fans want their pictures with me .
i get my picture taken again and again .
but i get to end my night with the one i love !
the man is giving a lecture .
the happy couple poses in front of mickey .
the light show is spectacular .
the couple smiles for the camera .
the girl in yellow poses with the grey sweatered guy .
[male] takes the stage at comic con , singing , `` do you want to build a snowman ? ''
[male] picks up a girl , promising a ride on his organization organization organization wheel .
he gives the girl psychedelic drugs .
when she passes out , he finds another girl .
when she wakes up , he denies that there was any other girl on his ferris wheel .
i was really nervous during the show but i managed to finish and everyone applauded for me .
afterward my family and i went to the fair to hang out .
there was a wonderful water and light show there .
after that we decided to grab a late dinner .
it was a very good day .
the fair came to town and we took the whole family out for a night of games and rides .
a carnie enticed us to play a game .
we played a few rounds of the ring toss , where you try to hook the ring around the top of a bottle .
after playing a few games , we could no longer ignore the smell of the fair 's delicacies !
after devouring a delicious cinnamon-sugar topped funnel cake we enjoyed the view from above on the organization organization .
food is one of the best things about carnivals .
people flock from all over .
they put money into the games .
the game leaders make playing an event you want to do .
the lights go down and it 's back at the food again .
we had an interesting day at the amusement park .
a man with a funny hat made a threatening hand gesture at us .
then we played the ring toss . perfect game !
that night we were a bit hungry so we stopped for some fries .
finally , we took a relaxing ride on the ferris wheel before going home .
we all went to the carnival .
we played carnival games .
we tossed rings onto soda .
we had lots of junk food .
we finished the night on the organization organization .
one day a man decided to take his kids to the local carnival .
they were excited and invited to try man games by the carnival 's employees .
of all the games the ring toss game was their favorite .
after a long day of playing games they were famished and decided to get some fries to eat .
right before they left for the evening , they took ride on the organization wheel .
going to a theme park is a lot of fun there is loopy roller coasters everywhere .
there is even scary attractions that tourist love to take pictures of .
just imagine walking and seeing a huge spider standing tall in front of you .
the pond is a great place to throw some bread out for any ducks or swans floating by .
but the big roller coaster is the challenge of the day as it is the highest ride in the whole theme park .
watching two swans swimming in the lake .
walking underneath a huge spider .
getting in the spider ride .
third ride , the jet star 2 .
second ride , the lagoon .
two pleasant swans greeted us as we passed by the little pond on our way to the fairgrounds . my girlfriend had told me she wanted me to conquer my fears .
unfortunately , the two swans would be the only pleasant thing , as a giant metal spider came into view .
fortunately for humanity , it was n't real , and it was only ride unoriginally titled 'the spider ' . my severe arachnaphobia nearly lead me to soiling myself when i saw it .
sure , heights i can take , as i proved to her when i got aboard the star ride .
hell , even fast drops i can take , as i again proved to heron the next ride . ... but not spiders . never spiders .
this place looks like so much fun !
until i saw this would be one of the attractions !
this was not cool , so i decided to leave .
this is much more up my alley .
then i ended the day by getting on this for my excitement .
an amusement park offered many ride options .
there was also a spider exhibit .
these were n't real spiders , but statues and art pieces .
a nearby group of swans enjoyed the pond adjacent .
the large wooden roller coaster was the most visited attraction .
i watched the craziest light show tonight .
the lines of light were everywhere . it looked like an artist had painted them .
these reminded me of ufos .
i imagined being under the sea with this display .
this was my favorite . it looked like a giant waterfall . it was a wonderful show .
i took my family to the local 4th of july fireworks show .
i brought both of our children , this was their first fireworks show .
they were a bit scared of the noise at first .
after a little while they got used to them and really started enjoying the show .
by the end of the night ask they could talk about was all the pretty colors .
the lights at the carnival are always quite awesome .
they are elegant and artistic when captured just right on camera .
these look like angels racing each other .
these lights almost look like angel wings .
of course the ferris wheel lights are always great whether on camera as art , or in person !
the teacher handed all the children glow lights , blocked all the windows , and shut off all the lights in the classroom .
the kids saw the complete darkness as an invitation to run wildly with their glowing lights . they swirled them high over their heads .
in the dark , the teacher had a hard time keeping track of which student was which .
she twirled her glow stick high and asked for the other students to copy her motions .
it took some time , but when the students copied the teacher 's glow stick movement they created quite the show .
celebrating the 4th of july with some late night fireworks .
i love all the pretty colors in the sky .
it looks like they are running in one direction .
it seems nothing but a blur , but it 's still beautiful .
the finale was the best part . what a show .
this has been the most amazing structure i have seen.there are so many colors and designs.it looks like we are staring at the earth .
when i focus on this , the first thing i can see is what looks like a moon .
then what appears to be land or mountains peak out from behind it .
on the other side looks more like the land i speak of because it is green .
at first i thought it was an ocean.i bet if you had a moment to sit and relax you could get lost in thought just looking at it .
this room is cool .
it 's so cool
that i felt
that i needed
to take so many pictures .
from the first glance , the building was grand .
there was a red and yellow pillar .
there was also a supporting blue pillar .
many visitors came to inspect the building .
the building was really spectacular overall .
the family never had been to this place before and was thrilled to go after what their friends had told them .
they were shocked at the stellar array of colors that filled the room .
pointing up to the ceiling , it looked as if the pictures were dancing along the walls of the room .
the family had just entered the area and wandered around the same room for hours as if hypnotized by the colors .
the room was so captivating that the family lost track of time and forgot to catch their afternoon trains back home .
went to a new museum this weekend !
the color scheme was amazing .
i really enjoyed sharing this experience with my mom .
the staff showed us a demonstration of how the color worked .
a great mothers day weekened !
there was a car show
packed with many old cars
people came from all around to see the cars
it was a great time so many people loved the cars
all of the cars had so much history and were a sight to see
the car show was right down the street so we decided to visit .
there were so many classic cars there .
we went up and down the street appreciating their beauty .
you can see how many people were appreciating the show .
we finally finished with with a picture of this beauty .
organization mustang !
lowrider .
there were soooo many cars to look at .
well over a thousand people were there .
now this was a great car !
all manner of muscle cars gathered for the event .
there were very interesting paint jobs on some vehicles .
a spectator admired the engine of one car in particular .
all along 3rd avenue , people gathered to admire the machines .
the grills of some cars were works of art all on their own .
there were many cars
of nice colors .
people were looking at them
on third avenue .
they were all old .
i went to the park to hula hoop .
i was very good .
i also rode my bike for a while .
when i got to the beach it was almost dark .
there were some people playing instruments nearby .
beaches in location are quite the place .
you have bikers everywhere .
beautiful views , as well .
there are even rollercoasters to ride !
musicians litter the streets .
we had a little family hula hoop competition to start the day off .
my son was the winner .
we then walked along the boardwalk , seeing the various artwork .
we arrived at the fairgrounds later in the day and rode on the rollercoaster .
we heard a man playing the sax on our way home .
[male] was hola-hooping for years and came out to the park to practice to beat his hola-hooping rival .
[male] , [male] 's rival , saw [male] approaching and challenged him to a hola-hopping competition , but they both wanted an impartial judge .
[male] and [male] rode bikes along the beach side and asked everyone to judge their hola-hooping competition .
rejection after rejection , they spent all day looking and were about to call it a draw since they could n't find a judge .
suddenly , a street saxophonists saw the two with their hola-hoops and agreed to judge their competition only if they listened to one of his songs .
hula hooping !
i was not to good at it .
a nice mural .
sunset .
we had a great time !
it was an asian party
many different foods from all asian countries
the people loved the food
it was a fun time at the party
everyone enjoyed themselves
we went to a big korean outdoor party .
there was lots of food and interesting people !
the line was huge but we enjoyed every minute of it .
the banner welcoming everyone was really large , it was impressive !
the best food was really hard to come by .
we got to the festival and set up shop .
tents where going up all over the field .
we got some food around early afternoon .
the , we toured the other vendors .
that night people piled in for the event .
setting up for the chinese culture festival
everyone is supper excited for the festivities .
everyone is ready and all the food looks delicious .
the festival is about to begin and the banner looks great .
the place is packed what a success .
all the chinese food looked delicious .
i had a hard time deciding what i wanted to eat .
grandpa knew exactly what to get .
they did a great job on the decorations this year .
we had a great turnout for the event .
we awoke christmas morning and a snow had laced the ground .
the pond was beautiful , with the glistening trees reflecting off the water .
we decided to walk the dog and go for a journey .
we ended up at the gingerbread house and finished the walk
at the christmas tree overlooking the pond .
it 's a snowy day today .
however , the sky cleared and there was beautiful frost over the bridges .
even the water well was coated in snow .
we had a picture taken of us with our dog .
even the christamas tree that was put up was lovely .
we fear the cold weather arriving but when it does , it 's always beautiful .
the snowy trees around the water are spectacular .
we grabbed the dog and went for a walk in the fresh snow .
our house does n't even look chilly ; it looks warm and cozy .
i 'm so glad we got a decent snowfall for the christmas season !
christmas with the relatives .
it seems like we are in a movie .
the birds did not use this fountain .
[male] the dog was trying to chase a poodle .
a great afternoon with [female] .
the town was covered in snow .
the churches ' chapel had been blanketed in snow .
the family and dog walked through the snow covered town .
the town was also adorned in christmas decor .
they made their way to the christmas tree in the center of the town .
we went to a carnival with an ice bar .
it was really fun , we went on a lot of rides .
we especially liked this one and stayed on it for hours .
i had some issues with my camera but was able to capture it all .
here is a group picture of us before leaving .
the girls and i were so bored at night .
we sat around the fire but were getting bored .
we took a walk and found the carousel was on .
i loved how the horses were painted .
the girls and i ended up having such a great night .
my friends and i decided to spend girls night out at the carnival !
an open pit fire is always a cozy place to start .
the carousel brings back such great childhood memories .
although as kids we loved this ride , the carousel horses are pretty scary looking .
you can see how much fun we are having . we found some friends !
ladies night out ! we stopped at this gas station first .
and hung out on the cold boardwalk , warming our hands at this fire .
lets ride the mary-go-round . said [female]
i like this horse . [female] wanted something tamer .
the five of us around [female] 's sleigh .
it sure was cold that night of the holiday fair . the ice sculpture wo n't melt in these temps .
i love the old time feeling of a merry go round .
especially the lights !
but do n't spin too quick , someone might get sick .
family togetherness at holiday time , nothing better .
early morning risers are ready for the day . gorgeous view of the ocean .
first the kids wanted to ride the rides then we headed to the pier .
kids wanted me to feed the ducks..they did n't want to get that close .
took a walk on the pier until it was time for dinner .
navy pier was very cool . time for dinner .
i saw flowers .
a sunrise over the lake .
a ferris wheel .
some fibers .
and navy pier .
we headed down to the pier to see the sunrise . nature is beautiful .
the rides at the pier are n't open yet but we can enjoy it anyway .
the ducks are out early to get some food from the tourists .
the view behind us at the city is spectacular .
the pier in the morning light is a sight everyone should see .
it is images like this sunset that make lasting memories of family vacations .
though my wife and i will remember the sunrises and sunsets , the kids probably will remember the giant organization organization .
all of us will remember the one friendly goose who would eat right out of our hands at the pond in the park .
boardwalks are not always made out of boards . it was neat to see the boats docked with the skyscrapers in the background .
all of our vacations have a water theme . we really like boating , and we spent a lot of time at the organization organization .
a beautiful day was spent near location location .
the city offered all manner of attractions .
they took time to feed some geese off the water nearby .
they strolled up and down the marina looking at gathered boats .
most of their day was spent admiring organization organization and the amusements it offered .
it was the 4th of july .
the fireworks display was beautiful .
everyone was having fun watching the fireworks .
the town loved watching the fireworks .
they were sad that they had to wait a whole year for another display .
we love to see the fireworks every year .
they always have such pretty colors .
i love how they light up the night sky .
the many different color explosions are so amazing .
we always have such a great time and we look forward to it every year .
this one was way up in the air .
what a shower of color !
looks like a celery stalk blew its top off !
the end .
oh ! this one must not have gone off when it should .
we ended our weekend watching the fireworks .
i loved the view and all the beautiful lights .
this was one of my least favorite .
the finale was awesome ! look at the beautiful artwork .
what a wonderful ending to an awesome outing .
this year we shot fireworks for the 4th of july .
we went all out and got the biggest we could .
the sky was lit up with the big fireworks we were setting off .
all the neighbors came to see the show we put on .
i was told that they could be seen from miles away .
finished some last minute holiday shopping at organization .
the late hour meant the nearby carousel was mostly empty .
though there were plenty of shoppers rushing to get home .
the coppers were out patrolling .
while others were waiting in line for a cup of hot chocolate .
was in downtown location for a little business here and there . work was done for the day , and we were out at night .
we found this very bright merry go round , and decided to take it for a spin . we did get a little dizzy .
at some point i may have had an out of body experience , because i felt i was floating over the merry go round . or ... no wait i took this from a building across the way .
we ended up walking past a local band that was kicking it loud and proud . we boogied for a few minutes .
later firemen and firewomen came to bust it up , as it was getting a little too rowdy . fun night indeed !
we went out to attend the opening of organization . they put on quite a show .
carousel rides and everything ! what fun !
a lot of people showed up for this event .
the weather was a bit wet and chilly but that did n't stop the crowds from coming .
good food and fun lights are always on hand at a great festivity .
nearby festivities offered all sorts of fun .
a nearby carousel gave a welcome diversion from other activities .
groups of people meandered the glowing streets .
a group of police nearby ensured things did n't get out of hand .
the celebration began to wind down as the night dragged on .
this building was so breathtaking !
the merry go round was a fun one to ride !
after that there was a quick walk on the street !
they all had fun walking with each other !
it was a wonderful time outdoors !
i stood in line for three hours , just to get a great seat
instantly i saw a woman being silly on the tennis court .
it was worth the wait , when the silly woman sat down next to me , named colette .
the location was against a foreign opponent to win a gold medal .
seeing organization win the gold , meet colette , and fireworks makes for an amazing night .
i was really excited when i got to the game .
everyone was waiting for me to play .
i did my best .
afterward we brought out the flag .
we had a fireworks show to end the event .
[female] was excited to start her tennis match in the grand finals .
she was so excited that she went to the tennis court well before the match was scheduled to start .
[female] chose to use this as an opportunity to practice her swing to warm up .
after practicing for a long time , she took a nap but overslept . her tennis match was going to start soon .
as the fireworks burst overhead , [female] awoke and rushed to the tennis court for her match .
a large crowd gathered for a planned fireworks display .
time was spent on a nearby tennis court as they waited .
the couple took time to get a selfie before the celebration .
a large flag was marched out to the delight of the crowd .
the stadium fireworks started with a bang !
me and my girlfriend attended a championship tennis game today .
she took many pictures on the court .
she even pretended she was one of the players .
it was finally time for the game to start .
there were even fireworks !
the kids were here to conquer their fears .
this year , the organization wheel would not cause them fright .
strapped in tightly , they look up at the hateful sun above through the deadly gears .
shuddering in fear , [female] nearly wets her pants .
the people below look so small .
there was a festival in town today with a parade .
there were clowns and all kinds of booths set up .
we had a great time going to all the different booths .
so many people were there having a great time .
it was such a fun day and we had so much fun together !
[female] and [male] went with their family to the fair .
the first thing they did upon entering was find the ferris wheel .
as they got on they looked up and marveled over how tall it was .
at the top of the ferris wheel [female] peered over the edge of her seat .
far down below she could see people milling about the fairgrounds ; they looked like ants !
there was a carnival in town today .
there were many people and rides .
the ferris wheel was the most popular ride .
the kids were having a great time .
the whole street was full of people .
the fire truck came through during the parade !
the clowns had so much fun entertaining !
we had fun in this big carnival
there were so many places to walk !
everyone had fun walking around and seeing the sights !
when in location , my husband and i decided to go to this fun park .
we started our day with a ride on the wheel .
next up was the awesome roller coaster , big deeps .
we saw these fun little things to stand behind .
it was a great time wandering through the faux village .
welcome to the location wild west . where getting to be a cowboy or girl is fun .
the town has a variety of activates to do to entertain you through the day .
there is even a huge ferris wheel to ride on .
during the summer you can even sit in the lazy river and ride out into the night .
during the night the waters are calm and beautiful to look at .
we arrived at the location location theme park for a fun day .
first , we took a ride on the ferris wheel .
next , we decided to try out the roller coaster .
afterwards , we took some funny pictures .
we ended the day by doing some souvenir shopping .
another vacation time coming , ca n't wait til we get the amusement park after this pit stop .
we got a great view from the ferris wheel .
the roller coaster went real fast , i was scared .
my husband and i acting goofy and playing around .
finally , we were walking around the town looking for a place to eat .
we arrived at the park early saturday .
the ferris wheel was huge !
riding the roller coaster was really fun .
mom and dad took a silly picture together .
visiting all the shops was a good time .
i arrived on the scene with my misfit mask and was ready for fun .
we went and jumped on the location ride .
and , then we had to wait in line for the tickets ...
and , they sure seemed expensive .
however , the organization organization play was worth the money .
zombie tour ! this is going to be so much fun !
holy hell ! this dude is super creepy ! !
oh yes , time to ride some rides . getting in line .
we bought an all night pass . going to ride all night .
last night was [male] powers . let 's shag ! !
we went on the zombie tour .
my friend decided to wear a mask .
we next checked out the location location ride .
there was a board posted with all the prices .
we ended with the organization organization experience .
my new shirt , already dirty .
halloween is early this year .
beautiful colors and i loved the people .
i did n't try this one , too scary .
one of my favorites !
my son wore a mask and scared people on the boardwalk .
the bright lights on the boardwalk drew us to some rides .
i get dizzy on rides that go in circles .
it 's gotten expensive to go on amusement rides .
my favorite movie had a fun ride on the boardwalk .
[female] loved her dog chica .
chica was 1 year old .
he was the happiest dog .
he loved his home town on aggieland/
[female] was happy she had an awesome dog and a boyfriend .
my girlfriend loves animals .
she has a little dog that she loves .
we are so happy together .
we looked for places to eat and shop .
we finally stopped at one place for awhile .
this is a picture of a woman with her dog .
this is a picture of a dog .
this is a picture of a couple .
this is a picture of a restaurant .
this is a picture of a building .
i never quite understood why she loved that dog so much .
he was the prime thing in her life though .
she made sure to take plenty of time to take pictures of him .
he was actually the first thing she got when we moved here .
i 'd like to hope that i keep her just as happy as that dog does .
this person loves her dog .
she ca n't resist kissing it whenever she has a chance .
the dog knows it has an owner that loves it .
her rural home gave her plenty of room to let the dog run around .
her boyfriend loved her and supported her interest in animals .
the nighttime lights are always beautiful .
watching the ferris wheel light up the sky is so unique ,
the memorial stays lit up every night .
watching the city at night causes excitement inside .
you want to continue to stay up and out amongst it all .
my journey into the city of the dead was so interesting .
it was dark and i was wondering around and found this covered area . it was full of wreaths and notes to dead loved ones .
here is the monument with the wreathes lining the bottom . it was so tall .
i walked around and the clouds lightened up a little bit . i found this cool building across the water . it was neat .
i also saw this really neat ferris wheel in the distance . i 'd love to live here . seeing this every night would overjoy me .
the views from the railings in location were absolutely gorgeous , here is one showing the projected ad 's on the side of a building .
we were so looking forward to taking a ride on this amazing ferris wheel that was totally covered in led 's .
we absolutely had to go to the monument for the glorious dead . the location was completely heart wrenching .
just looking at the city in black and white you can almost imagine you have gone back in time , the architecture has all survived so amazingly well over the years .
but before long you are back into the present time period by one view at just how modern the city can be just one street over from a tower from the 1800 's .
last night was a good night to walk down town .
with all of the bright lights it was hard not to go there .
we stopped at the monument to pay our respects to others .
we walked down to see the clock tower and all the other buildings downtown .
the city is a very busy place , but there is so much to see and do there .
for new year i went to visit location location
it 's organization organization had blue neon lights at nights
the buildings were just amazing to view at night
it has a look alike building of big [male]
traffic just looked gorgeous at night
dad took his boy to the zoo
he was so excited to be heading to the zoo
dad and his son rode the rides
and saw the many animals
it was a great day at the zoo
took my daughter to the zoo today for the first time .
i know she is young , but she really enjoyed herself.she really took a liking to the penguins .
in the middle of looking at all the animals , we spotted a carousel and she just had to get on it .
after the rides , we went to see the giraffes.always liked how long their necks were.i wonder if they have any troubles or neck pain .
we really had a good time , and saw many different types of animals.we even got to pet a turtle .
we took the baby out to the carnival . dad and daughter look for animals here .
she 's having a great time on our outing .
the carousel is a great ride to start kids out on .
dad and daughter hanging out together on their special day .
both are happy to be here among the giraffes .
we went to the park today ,
baby really enjoyed the trip .
we went on the rides ,
and looked at the animals .
it was a nice day .
a day with dad .
look at that face .
dad always took him to fun places .
he loved spending time with his dad .
and dad loved spending time with him too .
in our city , we saw a fabulous parade .
the men and boys played the horns very well .
the horses were sturdy and prepared .
my wife was so happy and excited to be there .
that night , we went the fair to ride the wheel .
the woman is the star of this year 's oktoberfest parade .
she started the morning as anyone would , with a cigarette and a giant mug of java .
the starting point for the parade was next to the kiosk selling christmas wreaths .
the parade began and continued through the streets .
the parade ended near the rides , by the giant ferris wheel .
it was a great october fest this year , i even got to walk through the parade .
i got to go right up to the tuba player and take a picture of him .
these horses were huge , they were pulling a couple guys that were really throwing back the beers .
i brought my favorite beer mug for the occasion .
last of all , the ferris wheel was amazing .
last week we went to a german festival .
they had bands playing and marching in the streets .
they had the clydesdale horses that they show on beer commercials .
of course , we had to drink their german beer .
before we left , we got to ride on the organization organization which was lots of fun .
in location all parades have a few things in common . pretty girls in funky costumes ,
polka bands with tuba players , and
wagons pulled by draft horses .
after seeing all of that , my wife wanted a beer and a cigarette .
i , however , wanted to ride on the organization organization .
it was a beautiful day to be alive
[male] really loved the ocean
he loved all the attractions also
he pondered life 's meaning
and met a new friend at the beach
grandpa and grandma watched the baseball game .
the weather was perfect for a game .
afterward , they enjoyed some quiet time on the dock .
meanwhile , their grandson enjoyed his doritos and fed the seagulls .
they ended the day at their favorite burger restaurant .
we saw great sights as we took a walk along the piers .
grandpa loved just sitting and enjoying the water .
the view back across the water at the city was awesome .
this guys on the pier was set up to stay a while .
many people hang out on the pier . it has a calming affect and is beautiful .
my son and i decided to go on a trip to the pier this afternoon . first , we stopped for lunch at [male] 's deli .
the water was choppy today , but the weather was beautiful .
from the pier we can see the beach and the hotels lining the coast .
we always see interesting characters on the pier and today was no exception . everyone loves the pier .
we sat and relaxed for awhile before heading towards the fishing area . we had a great afternoon !
on my way to the beach i caught this romantic scene .
i had the end of this dock all to myself for a minutes .
this gentleman chatted me up on the dock .
i complimented him on his glasses . he got them for his birthday .
this hamburger place is where i always lunch at the beach .
we arrived at the fair and it was beautifully lit up .
we rushed to wait in line and ride some rides .
we could n't believe the crowd that had arrived .
we finally found what appeared to be the best ride in the park ...
and , we told [male] to take a picture of us at the very top !
the fair was bright and colorful .
first i rode the ghost ship .
then i got some food .
i rode the upside down ride next .
i rode one more ride before going home .
tonight , we went to the fair .
we always make our way towards the rides first .
after enjoying the rides , we walk around playing some games . i try to win the biggest stuff animal i can .
right before we leave , i always pick out my favorite ride , and ride it one last time .
i had a wonderful time at the fair , and i ca n't wait for it to come next year .
night rides at the fair are amazing .
this is just a glimpse of what all we will be riding .
the gang walking to the shortest line for rides .
i was terrified being on this ride , i do n't like going upside down .
here is another view of it , but from farther back .
the state festival is back in town .
all the rides are so colorful and bright this year .
it 's the most popular festival in the whole state .
they have some of the scariest rides around .
thrill seekers from all over come to ride the famous inveterater .
i love this bridge .
it 's an amazing bridge .
and it photographs well .
it 's in location .
it looks great at night .
a friend new of my obsession with bridges .
she had suggested that i check out this bridge , but wait until night .
she was absolutely right , the bright purplish-pink color was beautiful .
it completely shocked me when it turned blue .
when i drove under it i was amazed .
i could see the bridge coming up and even from here , it looked huge .
as we got closer , it just seemed to get bigger and bigger .
finally , we were there and it towered over everything .
the writing on the supports looked really ornate .
we stayed until night and that 's when the bridge lit up , making it even more beautiful .
the large bridge nearby had a secret .
it appeared normally in the day and in the evening .
nobody would have suspected anything .
but as the sun set and the darkness set in ,
the glorious lighting burst forth for all to see !
this was our first trip on our new car .
we decided to go straight into the big city , right after the bridge .
the views of the city 's bridge were amazing when it was lit .
purple , blue , and other colors changing enhanced the views .
as we got closer , it all looked like a fantasy movie .
today is the big game .
this is the trail to the game . on the way to the game it was many nice monuments .
this statue seem as if the man is waiting on the bus .
we finally made it to the game and they are still setting up .
the crowd is ready for the game . this is definitely going to be a good hockey game .
we went to see monuments this week before our big game .
the city was huge and there was so much to see .
this statue was very nice , it looked like a real person !
though my personal favorite was the painted cow .
after our city trip , we ended our day at the ice hockey game . our team won !
i woke up and got my jersey ready for the big game tonight .
we drove into town around 5 .
we parked by the bench with the statue on it .
we made it just before they started the match .
the stadium was a full house .
[male] was so excited to go to the bears game that he had his jersey all set for the big day in the city .
he got to town early to enjoy some of the local happenings .
he wanted to rest a bit and found a seat next to a statue !
finally the doors were open for the event and [male] was able to get in the arena .
the arena was packed with screaming fans ! [male] was thrilled to end his day on such a high note .
the upcoming game gave a reason to explore hershey .
the town was beautiful and well-planned .
there were interesting statues highlighting important people .
the explorers arrived just in time for the game .
a huge crowd gathered to watch the team !
the trip to the asian themed area was neat .
there was a girl there with a sign .
we went to a huge store area .
there was a horse head man .
the ride was a great way to end the night .
i went to location town last weekend .
there were a ton of birds there .
i did a lot of shopping .
there were many colorful lights there .
we had a great time .
the japanese palace was very impressive .
there were tons of pigeons outside .
we hit up the spinns store afterwards .
as we walked back , i noticed that the streetlights looked like lanterns .
i almost ran into the man with a horse mask on while looking at the lights .
on our trip we saw the most interesting buildings .
the street vendors try to sell anything they can think of .
the mall was much like the mall at home , just slightly different .
we ran into this strange man on a walk down the street . we never did figure out why he was wearing a horse head .
my favorite part of the trip was riding this ferris wheel . at the top you could see all the lights across the city .
i went on an amazing trip to location and saw some of the most wonderful buildings .
outside this building were tons of birds that created a great scenery .
there are several roadside shops that people love to frequent , day and night .
they have wonderful street lights that are much better than the mundane ones we have here .
at any time of the day or night , you can see the strangest things on the street , like this fake horse dressed up in clothes and headphones !
we stayed at a very fancy hotel when we went on vacation .
the building was so beautiful .
everything was so shiny and expensive looking .
there were many pretty things everywhere you would look .
we had such a great time and really enjoyed the hotel !
[female] is visiting her parents and staying in a 5 star resort hotel .
she ca n't believe how nice this place is .
the halls are enormous it feels like she 's in a castle .
she makes her way up to her room .
carrying her bags she ca n't wait to see what her room looks like .
this store looked way too expensive .
she decided to give it a visit anyway .
after visiting many rooms , she still had n't found anything to buy .
finally , she found some employees to help her .
she bought some very expensive items !
this is the lobby of the hotel that we stayed in .
this is my friend standing in the lobby .
here she is again going down to our hotel room .
some of our friends in the hallway talking .
there is my friend with some of her luggage .
our hotel was extraordinarily luxurious .
seriously , just look at how wonderful this check in looks .
the entire hotel looked just as good as the entrance .
there were even some wonderful views .
not only was it comfortable , but it also made us feel like we were super rich for a few days .
it was christmas time and everybody has their christmas lights up .
i decided it was great night to drive the children around to look at all the lights .
people had really seem to outdo themselves this year , the lights looked beautiful .
the children were amazed at how decorated some of the houses were .
at the end of the trip we all stopped for a hot chocolate and talked about our favorite houses .
we visited the north pole attraction at a friends house .
it was crazy how many lights and trinkets he has set up .
he even has special effects on top of his house !
the whole crowd was drawn in and mesmerized .
he said it took him three weeks to put everything together !
a couple of neighbors do n't skimp christmas lights .
here 's a close up of the decorations on the front lawn .
i can only imagine what their electric bill will be .
this house is at the end of my street .
i 'm sure these lights are visible from an airplane .
an ornate christmas display drew many onlookers .
included was a large , friendly showman .
the entrance to the house was a merry trip to the door .
from the balcony more decorations and lights could be seen .
the house could be seen from miles away like a beacon .
my neighbors go all out when it comes to christmas decorations .
the yards are filled with bright lights and big , festive decorations .
the owner of this house hopes to win for best decoration this year .
my neighbors across the street love having lights cover every inch of their home .
people travel from other towns just to see this house .
today is a good day for a bike ride for two .
her on her bike .
and me on mine .
i let her lead .
but i was n't far behind .
the route is great for exercise and leisure .
the view of the lake is fantastic .
many different people with varying fitness needs come here .
it is always best to bring your own water bottle .
there are also benches for resting .
the couple just bought 2 new bikes .
the wife is so happy to be riding again .
the husband watchs as his wife rides away .
she is going at a nice steady pace and is enjoying the ride .
she turns around and makes her way back to her husband .
the weather was a little cold , but we decided to bike anyway .
she was looking great as always in a pink hoodie .
i went a little more traditional with my biker shorts and helmet .
of course we had to get our action shots by the river .
we turned around at the bridge and came home .
one day a man bought himself and his wife bicycles so that they could get in shape and explore the city .
the wife was happy to participate and quickly began to ride her bike .
her husbands followed behind on his bicycle as he rode through the town .
the wife seemed to be the better biker of the two as she speed up and down the streets with ease .
while her poor husband struggled to maintain his balance ,
they are going to a wedding for their friend .
it is being held at a local resort by the lake .
the place is decorated quite prettily and should be a huge success .
but before the wedding starts they are going to take time to relax and look at the lake .
you should always relax whenever you have the chance is the boyfriend 's motto .
we are in location location for the weekend yay ! ! the whole family is here .
[female] and [male] . [male] is n't very happy , he broke his tailbone yesterday and is in a lot of pain .
mom and dad are having a blast . they just sit on the grass and look out onto the water . they say they 'll never leave .
this is the backside of our hotel . the food here is so yummy !
the view from our room is breathtaking ! i do n't ever want to leave this place !
the couple posed for a photo before the wedding .
their friend 's venue was gorgeous .
the chairs were wrapped with gold bows .
the beach near the venue was breathtaking .
to end the day , we propped our feet up .
[male] says , `` i am prettier than you , [female] . ''
the pagoda restaurant was lit up for the evening .
slip covers were on all the chairs so the guests would not get cat hair on their clothing .
the restaurant had an impossible view .
[female] 's shoes brought the view into perspective .
[female] and [male] took their first vacation together .
they attended a wedding out of state .
the wedding was an opulent affair .
the reception overlooked the ocean .
they took a rest after dancing the afternoon away .
it is time for the festival of lights at the local organization temple .
the pathway leading up to the temple is decorated with brightly lit strings .
the lanterns are bathed in blue in celebration .
the temple itself is also very brightly lit .
everyone sits down to enjoy the displays of light and all the different forms of entertainment .
the night time lights are always beautiful .
you get to enjoy many unique lighting displays .
the chinese culture is very strong in this area .
they made this modern version of a chinese lamp .
the chinese are known for their beautiful architecture but its the lights you are also drawn to .
today kids we are learning about lighting .
here is a picture of a blue man with lights on him .
this is very pretty said the child nearest the blackboard .
i like the lantern said sally as she made a quick sketch of it in her notepad .
i liked the one of the pagoda best .
last weekend i went to a foreign country for vacation .
the whole city was decorated with lights at night .
there were some spectacular displays .
afterward we went to have a late night dinner at a restaurant .
i ca n't wait to go back there again soon !
we started the night visiting a temple .
on the way there , the streets were lit with festive lights .
we saw all colors of lights including blue .
the temple had a heavenly glow to it .
the streetlights were still on by the time we were done , early in the morning .
i was walking home tonight , going the same way i always do and i see this up on ruthy 's hill ! ! weird ...
i keep walking and see more lighted trees and think to myself ... what in the world ?
over the next bend and down another street more lights . they are getting bigger and brighter now .
i turn the corner and see this ! what ? is something going on i should know about ? no one is around .
i start to hear a weird noise , i ca n't even describe the sound . it started low and got stronger and stronger to the point where i held my ears and turned towards the wall and this appeared ! ! i snapped a picture and ran ! ! ! it chased me for a block or two and then it was gone ! ! !
the trees are decorated for christmas and we get to drive our car through to see the light display .
this is a picture of old man winter creeping through the forest .
the lights are made to look like beautiful trees .
old man winter is creeping back into his nest .
as we leave the light display we think of how much we enjoyed it .
we went to the anual forest light show .
it is just as colorful as everyone said it would be .
the lights made it seem like a fantasy world .
i am not sure what this was but it was pretty !
there seemed to be a [female] hood theme throughout the park .
the park was lit at night .
the different colors sprawled across the trees and bushes .
the enter of the park was the most clustered , colorful area .
the artwork appeared colorful as well .
the painting along the brick wall of the visitor center was even highlighted !
the trees in this mmorpg instance are colorful and glowing .
the first boss fight was difficult .
but the rewards were amazing .
our group nearly wiped at the final boss .
and then we teleported back to location .
we went to see the disney parade .
on one float was snow white and [male] charming .
we got to see cinderella and the [male] .
[female] was in human form with [male] [male] on another float .
but my favorite was the float with [male] and [female] mouse .
at organization land we stood and watched a parade of characters .
during the parade [male] and [female] mouse waved at the children in the crowd .
we got a chance to meet the genie from location .
one of the many disney characters that we saw was [female] from toy story .
this is one of my favorite floats in the entire parade .
it was a beautiful day for a organization parade .
the parade began with [female] and [male] mouse .
aladdin was even in the parade .
it was surprising to see [female] from toy story .
[female] and the mad hatter also made an appearance in the parade .
the family went to see a parade at location location .
their daughter was awestruck at the appearance of snow white !
the fun continued as cinderella came out to wow the crowd .
a lucky young couple even got to dress up as a prince and princess and take part in the parade .
finally , micky and [female] mouse sent off the parade with a bang !
we took our kids to organization organization last summer
organization organization come out in troops and dance to music . first was mickey and minnie
second came aladdin and genie
there were many characters , i did n't know names of but was amazing
lastly there was snow white and kids loved her troop alot
family enjoys a day at organization organization watching exhibits .
they are visiting the world known organization organization world logo .
the little girl takes a picture with a princess , shriek and puss and boots .
family entering the lost world jurassic park exhibit at organization organization .
last , but not least . a little fun for the adults . some night life at a casino .
[female] went to organization organization last week .
while she was there she rode the roller coaster .
[female] got to meet some of the characters that she knew from the movies they made there .
she went into the location location .
[female] ended her day at location location location , where she had lots of fun .
there was a family that decided that they wanted to spend the day at an amusement park .
while at the park they enjoyed many roller coaster rides .
their daughter even got to take a few pictures with her favorite movie characters .
the parents enjoyed the nostalgic jurassic park ride .
while the kids preferred the lost world ride .
the universal studios park was awesome !
from the entry with the iconic sign , we knew it would be great .
the characters of shrek were out posing for pictures .
the lines at the lost world ride were long !
at the end of the day we hit the casino .
here is the entry way into organization organization in location .
showing a photo of the roller coaster that we will ride later .
ran into shrek and company and little sister just had to get a photo with them .
here is the entrance into jurassic park portion of the park . the rides in there were awesome .
another section inside of location location .
i love traveling and looking at all the sites and structures .
love being with groups of people and other cultures.there were a lot of people here in this country .
the next day i went shopping at the local shops in town.spent the day there because we live outside town in a small farm .
when you got to the more cultural parts of town you find lavish signs and decorations representing their culture and who they are .
streets appear narrow and cluttered with signs and small vendors.but i found a lot of what i needed and will be heading home to make some lunch .
this was our view as we flew into the city .
one of the first things i wanted to do was .ride the ferris wheel so i could see everything
this roller coaster was a good second choice .
of course we had to do the tourist thing and do some shopping for souvenirs .
even the night life was fun , it was the best vacation yet .
we spent the day strolling through location .
a lot of people come out for their night life and beautiful lights
in the mornings , there are very few people out on the street .
the art and architecture of the culture is quite beautiful .
more and more people show up as the day goes on .
we went on the new rollercoaster , which looked like they formed a word from the ground .
that night , we went to chinatown . it was packed .
the next morning went back and there were less people .
the gate was very intricate as we passed .
once we passed the gate , there were a lot more people .
the sculpture in front of the building was really incredible .
there were many people gathered in the town center .
the next day , the town felt empty .
we went to an area where we could find some consumer products .
we also walked a bit in the street and talked about life .
the stage was set and the people were arriving for the bands to play .
the bad was rocking it out early for the crowd .
here are some of the tickets we had to get into the show .
there was a ferris wheel at the location .
the stage looked amazing at night with the lights shining bright .
today was the day .
brought to you by organization organization .
it was so fun .
there was zip lining .
it was epic .
it was a great day for the concert . the cloud cover made the heat more comfortable .
the band came on stage and the lights dimmed .
look what came with our tickets a fan !
during intermission we went and road the ferris wheel .
afterwards it was time for [female] [male] !
we heard about the local music festival going on and decided to check it out .
there were many great bands .
we ended up going to some of the booths , getting free swag from some of them .
they even had a ferris wheel .
the night ended with an epic headliner .
everyone had gathered for a concert .
the opening band took the stage and got the crowd riled up
as they waited for the next act , a group admired their tickets and the pictures they formed .
a nearby ferris wheel gave a view of the stage from many feet in the air .
as the sun set , the headliners finally took the stage to rock .
josh , [male] and wanger were celebrating a 4th of july .
[male] whispered in josh 's ear that she loved him truly .
the fireworks got started bright red and white against the night sky .
josh and [male] started watching the show as the sun went down .
late in the night , things got big and bright . was a lovely night for celebrating .
[male] was a having a great fourth of july .
his family was all together .
even grandma and grandpa were there .
the fireworks were amazing .
they watched the fireworks from the porch of their home .
a group of people stand around waiting for the 4th of july fireworks .
the couple shares a quick moment together .
the highlight of the day starts as the fireworks start shooting into the sky .
the couple look towards the sky in amazement of the show .
fireworks continue exploding in the sky to top off the perfect 4th of july day .
we decided to hang out and watch the sunset and fireworks .
i 've got ta get the boyfriend off of his phone to enjoy this though !
the fireworks reflect a beautiful red glow on the water .
we really are enjoying this outing ! he looks grumpy , but that 's just his face .
the colors of the fireworks reflect in a beautiful array on the water 's surface .
took my girl to see a firework show on the river .
she was real excited .
the fireworks looked awesome over the water .
it was her first time seeing the show .
the grand finale was the best part .
it was great to go to the park
many people gathered around the park
there were many cool buildings to see
and many different animals for the kids to look at
it was a great time at the park and everyone enjoyed the day
the kids love organization organization .
none of the family had been there before .
inside the magic kingdom everyone was excited .
the fans of sleeping beauty loved being inside the magic kingdom .
all the kids wanted to come back one day .
the disney castle was very iconic when we saw it .
the crowd was n't very big yet when we went in the morning .
our first stop was the castle from sleeping beauty . it had tree branches inside .
the windows were stained glass .
it showed scenes from the movie , like the prince kissing sleeping beauty .
a visit to sleeping beauty 's castle !
from the balcony a grand view was had by all .
inside were ornate structures designed to look like trees .
there was a beautiful hallway full of stained glass pictures .
they all told the story of sleeping beauty .
organization organization is organization 's oldest theme park
it is actually quite big , you can spend the whole day walking around .
the numerous and different rides are a lot of fun .
the most famous disney characters are out there .
later in the afternoon , you get to enjoy the parade .
we visited downtown location location and got to see the older part of town .
it is no less spectacular than the famous strip .
at night , the covered street is ablaze with neon lights overhead , casting various pictures and performances .
familiar neon lights dot the walkways around town .
even at night , location location ground level appears to be engulfed in daylight .
the party is fun .
we had drinks .
i was glad they could see each other .
the city was all they hoped for .
the statue of [female] was their favorite .
the vegas sign got a cocktail sign next to it now .
inside the mini vegas experience , there were a lot of the old signs from location location ' past .
there was the lonely cowboy sign .
the glittery cow girl sign .
there was even the golden gate and casino sign .
location location was very different in the day and the night .
in the day , signs seemed rather unintersting .
as the lights came on , the real splendor was visible .
the signs took on a life of their own .
all along the road signs drew the interest of passersby .
i have fun every time i go to vegas .
these are the neon signs of location location location in the daytime .
at night , crowds come for the entertainment and gambling on location location .
this is one of the casinos near the famed golden nugget .
this was a fun excursion away from the location location strip .
today was the day .
a day for hugging animals .
for seeing the sheep .
and the llama .
and reading boring text .
ribbons were given to the animals .
the pig was loved .
there were sheep categories .
there was a llama .
there was a mama pig her babies suckling .
we decided to visit the 4h booth while we were at the fair .
she loves the animals , so we let her pet them and love on them for a while .
the sheep are anxious to eat and are ignoring us .
the llama sort of looks like he is judging us , but maybe he 's intrigued like we are .
informational signs are posted everywhere so you know what 's going on !
the ribbons were on display , showing what they were for .
my baby loved the pig .
we then visited the sheep .
someone even brought an alpaca .
there were signs outside telling us what it could and could n't eat .
the fair was in town .
[female] was so excited to see animals .
sheep were there , but better yet there were ...
alpacas ! the kids loved them .
and after they learned all about them .
we went to organization last summer for our vacation .
we got to ride so many different rides .
the kids were having so much fun .
they loved going around to all the different stores .
we had such a good time and ca n't wait to come back again !
we visited fantasy land this week .
it was a really awesome visit , we saw pinocchio in his daily outfit .
many of the buildings were very detailed and had sculptures .
we even found a wishing well and made a wish !
thought the mad hatter house scared us so we stayed out .
do n't we all look like we are ready for a fun day ?
we are very determined to make it happen !
they are thinking of what we should do next .
this is what they decided on !
we had to say hello to mr. disney and [male] to make it a complete day !
this school vacation we spent at location
the kids were thrilled with the rides there .
this is at the end of a long day waiting in long lines .
we splurged a little on souvenirs of course .
i thanked walt disney 's statue for a wonderful destination .
this was by far the best family vacation i had .
we went to organization . the theme parks were awesome .
between rides we would stop for a snack .
we even got the chance to dress up like pirates !
before we left , we had to take a few more pictures of location location .
i 'd been bumming lately , so decided to go visit fantasy land for the day .
walking in the door , i felt a little familiar sensation , watching a boy with a long nose walk by .
then an owl seemed to be asking me who i was , and where i was heading .
i prayed that my fantasy might be seen some day . to be the most famous writer in the kingdom .
i wandered a spell , then found the mad hatter club , where i danced until it was too very late . good times .
mom and dad took us here for our summer vacation .
i looked up and seen the coolest castle ever !
pinocchio was the first to welcome us inside .
mommy and i rode in the carriage just like a real [female] .
i could n't believe how cute these little rascals looked .
our trip to visit organization was great . no one tops them for color and fantasy .
pinocchio is always on hand to greet guests .
the architecture here reminds one of actual real buildings even though most are facades .
leave it to organization to request wishes of it 's guests . what fun !
the hatter always brings a smile . he is so silly that we just had to check out his ride .
a trip through fantasyland was lots of fun .
characters like pinnochio could be seen wandering the street .
[male] [male] 's castle was available for inspection .
a sign indicated that wishes could be used in this happy place .
another indicated the mad hatter may be nearby .
my family took a trip to organization organization and our first stop was fantasyland .
we saw pinocchio walking around there !
we saw other awesome disney characters around too like this owl .
we saw organization phrases written around the park like this one !
our last stop on our trip was to see the mad hatter !
they got ready for the show .
the band got the crowd warmed up .
the singers could really sing !
the crowd got into the show .
the dancers ended the performance .
we visited the local fair today , there were many booths .
food was also plenty , there was so much to eat and do .
there were even pony rides for the kids .
i really liked this antique car that had the motorcycle in front .
the kids especially enjoyed the game they were playing .
it 's always great to see what bands will be playing at the fair .
this guys is really getting into his part by dressing up .
these latina singers could really belt out a song .
they put on quite a show for us , complete with tricorn hat .
the latinas can always be counted on for a colorful dance !
my friend was part of the weirdest boy band ever . they had a girl in the group .
he dressed in what looked like a musketeer outfit .
she sang along with her brother , who was in a fedora .
my friend sometimes got to sing too but not often .
they even had backup dancers .
my friend has a band .
he plays the keyboards .
they have a female vocalist .
sometimes my friend sings too .
they also have backup vocals .
we 're going on a road trip driving through the desert .
when we happen to come across a small county fair .
we were just in time to watch the rodeo .
the kids had a great time cheering on all the organization .
my favorite part was seeing all of the different farm animals .
i had a great time out in the wilderness .
there were many flowers there .
i also saw a llama .
i had a great time at the rodeo as well .
the llamas were very curious .
the land had small shrubs and was very western looking .
there were some alpacas at the rodeo .
the horse riding was a great show .
the winner was a man .
they even had an alpaca riding competition .
it was another beautiful day for the riding tournament .
the llamas looked on as they saw their friend , the horse , show off his skills .
the rider could barely hang on as the horse dashed at high speeds along the field .
the horse did a sudden stop and began to buck the rider off , but he held on , barely .
more llamas came and were impressed to see the horse 's fantastic maneuvers and were inspired to train hard like the horse .
deep in the northeast , a number of events took place .
alpacas were displayed by local farmers and caretakers .
soon after , an equine demonstration showed riding techniques .
the riders showed proficiency with their animals .
the alpacas had a great view for the horse events .
they planned to take in as much of the city as possible .
the stop along the river provided food and shopping .
the cafes never seem to run out of unique food ideas .
they found more shopping options later .
the evening provided a bit of rest .
we left the hotel in the morning in search of a good breakfast .
we spotted a likely spot to eat .
the restaurant menu was in english so it was easy to read .
we got our hearty breakfast .
then we headed off to see the hot spots of the city .
we had a fun day visiting the big city .
we were feeling hungry , so we stopped off at a pleasant looking restaurant .
the menu had many appealing food and drink items .
we settled on an omelet and some bread , which was very yummy .
after a long day , we walked home on the sidewalk .
i went to the big city today .
i decided to have lunch .
the restaurant seemed very fancy .
i then went to the conference i was in town for .
later that night i ran into many beggers .
my friends and i went downtown last night .
we found a restaurant near the water to eat at .
the restaurant was called mon ami gabi .
the drink specials were hung up on the wall .
as we were leaving we gave a man begging some money .
i went to shark 's fin today . it was so much fun !
i wandered down a little location type street and saw so many cool things .
this panda drawing on the side of a building . it says tufu .
later on i saw this really large poh seng jewellers sign . it was so bright it hurt my eyes .
i turned and saw a large dragon in my face ! it startled me and a chinese man laughed so hard he cried . it was a fun day .
at the first stop of our tour we took the boat on the left for a cruise on the canal .
we saw a happy bride taking a picture near the docks .
later on we ate a late lunch at organization 's location restaurant .
at night it became crowded with revelers celebrating the new year .
the lights at night were amazing to watch .
on my first visit to location with my fiance ' , i saw a restaurant selling shark 's fin soup . as a vegetarian , clearly i passed on that dish .
but , with so many good restaurants and vendors , i had no trouble finding a delicious vegetarian dish .
afterwards , we roamed the area taking in the ambiance and people-watching . it was a beautiful day .
the night was the best though , when he took me in to the poh seng jewellers . and , we picked out an engagement ring !
he proposed to me under this handsome dragon . are n't dragons good luck in some cultures ?
well i now know what happened to the shark on `` jaws '' and i had to come to location to find out .
here we are on vacation in location and enjoying it with hundreds of other people .
here is art work that we found on a building in location .
went into this store to buy a beautiful ring in memory of this vacation .
he is one of the floats at the japanesse parade .
location had its annual festival starting at the restaurant shark 's fin .
hundreds gathered around the town in celebration .
the artist tufu presented his most recent work of art .
poh seng jewelers showed off their new sign , even though they spelled jewlers wrong .
and finally the dragon was brought out and they city danced the night away .
the winter trip was exciting .
we had time to take photos with the locals .
we brought lots of money to spend .
some creatures sparred in the snow .
we had our fun in the snow as well .
we went to the town where location location is for a weekend , it 's a really unique place .
it was surprisingly cold next to the falls but it was too beautiful to pass up a photo !
i got a shot of a rainbow within the falls , this is a great day !
afterwards we went to try on hats . [male] looks so silly !
the kids really enjoyed their time here , especially with all this snow .
after eating at a nearby location location , we set off to visit location location .
the waterfall was an incredible sight to behold .
we even saw a beautiful rainbow in the mist .
i got a funny hat to commemorate our visit .
then we capped off a memorable day by making some snow angels .
winter is a special time for our family , we always take at least one trip .
dad was excited to have his picture taken in front of the falls .
i was quick to grab my camera and get a snapshot of the rainbow in the mist .
i got dad this goofy hat since it put a smile on everyones face .
it would n't be winter without a few snow angels .
our winter trip to location started with location location .
i could not resist getting a picture taken with bullwinkle in a mountie uniform
our change may look like 50 cents but is not quite in american dollars .
we met these two velociraptors playing outside .
the kids could not resist making snow angels and tumbling down the hill .
the trip was quaint and exciting .
many cozy diners and cafes were along the way .
here is one example of a popular food spot .
this stop offered a place to shop .
directions were easy to follow and no one got lost .
we were going for a drive .
finally we reached the south of the border .
we decided to stop at a leather shop .
next we thought of going to hot tamale .
but we decided to go get hot dogs instead .
during our road trip we decided to cross over into location , here is where we passed the flags marking the actual boarders .
one of the first shopping centers we saw had this absolutely giant gentlemen wearing a sombrero letting us know we were officially `` south of the boarder ''
we found [male] 's leather shop , which actually had a ton of different items , from belts to boots , and they were all made with great craftsmanship and talent .
we were trying to decide what we wanted to have for lunch when we saw this huge sign for hot tamales .
but we were instantly distracted by the extremely long wiener dog version of [male] the big red dog , and ended up having to eat there !
while we were on vacation in location location we stopped to see some unusual sites .
there is a place there that has a giant man standing out front .
we ate at this place that truly had very hot things .
the beach shop was a very interesting place to see as well .
after that we got back on the highway to see more things .
there was once a family who moved to a new city .
while driving through the town they saw many strange looking restaurant signs .
there were even signs for specialty shops .
the most popular restaurant appeared to be the organization organization organization organization restaurant .
despite seeing many signs for the popular restaurant , the kids stated that all they wanted to eat were hotdogs .
i went on a plane trip the other day to see a different city .
the food there was really terrible as you can see .
we had to go through this to get to a better place to eat .
we found this place right outside the airport , and it had pretty good food .
we saw tons of art from famous artists before we headed back home .
driving the the airport for my big business trip .
here i am aboard the flight waiting for takeoff . not too many people around me .
san francisco i have arrived ! my business partners are waiting .
such a nice day in a beautiful city that i wish i could explore but ... .
here i am in my room getting my next presentation ready .
i got to be the first one on the plane this time , my trip to location location is off to a good start .
i made sure to bring a bagel and cream cheese on the flight , i did n't want to eat too much airline food .
when i got to the airport , i decided to take the [male] into the city , it 's supposed to be the main commuter train in the bay .
i made sure to go to one of the many cafs that are sprinkled all over the city .
i got to see some really awesome modern art amongst all the buildings while i was there .
i won a trip to location location , but the flight was a red eye
and only served crappy sandwiches .
when i got to the airport , half the gates were closed off ,
and the restaurants were just preparing to open .
despite being hungry , i really enjoyed the beautiful sculpture in the terminal and the architecture of the terminal itself .
about to take a flight to a secret destination .
eating breakfast on the plane .
landed at 8 in the morning .
about to order coffee before staring the day .
huge indoor round abstract sculpture .
[female] got to go to sea world with her family .
she got to see some colorful fish .
there was also some scary looking sharks there .
the killer whales put on a show for the crowd .
[female] 's favorite was the dolphins because they looked like they were smiling all of the time .
we had a trip to the aquarium today .
we got to see so many different kinds of sea animals .
they even had scary sharks !
the many different fish were so pretty .
we ended the day with seeing the whale show . we had a great time !
our trip to sea world , looking in the aquarium at all the fish .
the dolphins were hungry and wanted attention .
the shark was one of the scariest , i 'm glad there was glass inbetween us .
look at the beautiful fish , so many different types .
during the show , we saw a beautiful site .
a family took a stroll through an aquarium and museum .
all manner of fish could be viewed .
in addition , sharks were nearby to put fear into the hearts of all .
a large killer whale greeted the crowd .
the dolphins seemed to enjoy playing with their audience .
we went to the aquarium and gathered around the vast center tank .
dolphins delighted everyone with tricks and funny sounds .
the shark was impressively fierce .
there was a variety of tropical fish swimming together .
the whale leaped into the air and made a huge splash .
my friend found this funny looking fruit on the ground .
he took it around the city and took profound pictures .
we went to this building and took more pictures .
he used the fruit to get a ride on the highway .
we were dropped off by this telephone post .
today [male] found a coconut .
he decided to keep it with him forever .
the coconuts name was sally . he was to be married
he took the coconut to see the town and everyone gave him weird looks .
they are still happily married 25 years later .
it was time to take mr. coconut on his adventure !
little coco was so stoked to see his first parking lot , i mad sure he enjoyed it this his best friend , me ! ! !
mr. coco and i hung out all day , frolicking through the many fields near my home town .
this is the first car mr. coco got to ride in , and it was my car .
i 'm so lucky to have mr. coco , i plan on showing him the world , and this overpass !
mr. coconut has traveled far . the views he has seen have been amazing .
even grocery store parking lots do not escape mr. coconut 's travels .
time for some relaxation and coconut meditation .
back to reality with traffic and noise.cars zipping by.and large buildings all around .
this was the scariest part of mr. coconuts adventures . the cars below were fast and the overpass was high .
`` this is a coconut that i found & it was all alone . it wanted to go home . ''
`` i promised the coconut i would help it search across the land to find it 's home . ''
`` is his where your home is ? '' the coconut told me no .
`` how about here ? is this your home ? '' no again .
finally the coconut let me know we 'd found it 's home . seeing my confusion the coconut revealed that it 's a new generation of genetically modified coconuts .
the fair was bright and loud .
people were screaming and having fun .
[male] was tired and bored . he was working too hard .
he decided to blow off some steam at the shooting range .
then the fireworks made the whole day worth it .
the fair was a fun place to hang out .
everyone went on rides .
this man is trying to win a prize .
the rides are very popular at the fair .
everyone was glad their town had a fair .
the family arrived at the carnival with the kids .
the kids immediately ran to the gravity ride and spun around and around .
while the kids road , dad wanted to surprise them and played the claw game to win a toy for his children .
the kids came off the ride tipsy and the family walked around for more interesting attractions .
they arrived at a crazy and twisty house where the kids could enter and get lost in the labyrinth of rooms within .
tonight , i went on a date to the fair .
i had a good time riding some rides , but i can only take so much .
my date decided he would show off by winning me something .
i think he enjoyed playing the games more than winning the trinkets .
afterward , we finished up by watching the firework show they put on . it was the perfect end to our date .
the giant wheel welcomes you to the theme park .
there are many attractions if you like some adrenaline .
you can also try to win some prizes .
shooting things and hitting the target is my favorite game .
when it is already dark , adults and children enjoy the fireworks show .
the caravel was a hot topic in the town .
everyone was having fun .
people were excited to to be in the town .
everyone loved the celebrations .
even people who did n't go to the carnaval were celebrating .
there was a boat show in the harbor today .
many people were there to see all the boats .
they had many different types of boats to show .
it was cool seeing all the different boats .
we had a great time and ca n't wait till they come back next year !
the fair has come to town .
everyone is gathering in for the fun .
and a reinactment of the organization organization organization .
the ships are coming in .
and people show their patriotism
the boats crowd the harbor .
the people are in joy as they observe the different models .
some smaller sailboat gives contrast to the larger .
a massive boat that looks like a warship approaches .
a very old looking boat that looks like a galleon makes it 's way past the people .
we went down to the beach and came to a large ferris wheel .
then we walked closer to the beach .
we joined the crowd to watch the ships in the water .
some of the ships flew various flags .
people also watched the ships from the windows of the buildings .
the kids at organization organization organization were surprised when a big white bus pulled up .
they saw it was for the army field band .
the kids were excited while the stage was being set up .
before they began their performance , the army musicians had the kids salute the flag .
the troupe performed and the kids loved it . what a pleasant surprise for the day .
one of the most wonderful things to hear is the army 's band play music .
even more so during special even such as 4th of july .
star spangled banner always brings a tear to your eye when watching fireworks.well at least it does for me .
makes you proud when people of all differences come together and forget the issues long enough to see this beautiful display .
there are so many colors to enjoy , but i think i like when the blues and other colors mix together like here..looks like red white and blue .
the bus picked us up early in the morning .
it was an army field band bus .
we got to the venue and started to setup .
we said the pledge o allegiance .
we then put on a show for all the parents and military members .
on the 4th a number of attractions were available .
one of which involved the organization organization organization .
they took the stage and prepared to perform .
the crowd saluted as the anthem was sung .
they made their way through many different songs with great precision .
it was fourth of july weekend and the bus was filled with people heading to an annual celebration .
everyone on the bus were members of the organization organization . they were in the band .
when they arrived , the stage was still being set up .
when the show started , they began by singing god bless location . some children in the audience saluted them .
the show was great and very patriotic . everyone had a fantastic day as they waited for the fireworks to begin at night .
i went for a walk around the town last week .
most of the buildings are very old and run down .
some of them are abandoned .
some of them were barely standing .
there was also graffiti everywhere .
the subway was shiny and new .
but the city was starting to fall apart .
there was grafitti everywhere .
even the trains were abandoned .
only the ferris wheel was still in good condition .
[male] rana way from home when he was 16 .
he wandered the streets doing graffiti everywhere .
he slept in construction sites during the night .
soon he made a home at the railroad tracks .
eventually he died here on the street . dont run away from home .
this is the old part of town .
there is graffiti on some of the walls .
construction workers are trying to fix up this part of town .
the buildings next to the railroad tracks are dilapidated .
this warehouse is the next building to be repaired .
the building was old
and had graffiti .
there was construction
near the tracks
and the old buildings .
we arrived at the coast and were excited about the views .
we headed immediately for the lighthouse , which was up a winding road .
from the lighthouse , there was a wonderful view of the rocks being hit by the waves .
we parked and walked down on to the beach and walked the cold sand .
it was a beautiful sight .
we went for a big walk on the beach on our vacation .
there was a lighthouse at the end of the path .
just do n't look down because it 's scary !
the beach was deserted , we could do whatever we wanted .
afterwards we rode the ferris wheel and enjoyed our night .
it was saturday afternoon and i took a walk by the beach .
about a mile into my walk , i encountered a lighthouse in the distance .
it was starting to get rather misty but it only made the cliffsides of the beach even more beautiful .
the sky was getting darker but the waves continued to crash into shore .
i walked for hours until very late afternoon and the tides were low , then i knew it was time to go home .
it was such a pretty day when we went out .
we saw many different things and i was glad to have brought my camera .
the fog was moving in off of the water .
it made everything look so eerie .
when we moved in mainland a bit we found this abandoned fair .
we got up the hill in time to see the low clouds .
we continued back down toward the beach from there .
the view from up top once we could see the beach was awesome .
we got down there and walked around .
then , we headed back into the city .
we went to a family reunion on location .
here 's hank , trying to figure out how the camera works .
the park we went to had a few monuments from the civil war , including this cool canon .
here 's hank and [male] , trying to decide how to get that beehive down !
on the last day , we went to the river for a picnic and a swim .
today was the day .
the trip to the farm .
there was old machinery .
a neat windmill .
and a tractor .
we saw two coyotes .
[male] was looking for gold or something .
real cannons used in the civil war .
a really remarkable tree .
a canoe ride before lunch .
we set out to go get some feel for the land .
we met up and started exploring the area .
there was lots of old machinery and cool stuff .
we got some shade underneath a tree before making our way to the river .
we got down there and continued our adventure .
a trip was taken to the great outdoors .
from a campsite a man admired the view with a looking glass .
nearby settlements shows classical cannons and other machines from times gone by .
two men stopped to talk about their day and what they 'd seen .
they took some time to head to a nearby stream and admire its beauty .
a wonderful little lamb set on top a pryramid looking for something to get into .
remain seated is the sign that was displayed on the wall for them all to read .
he jumped up on to the horse and got ready for a ride .
after , it came in motion and he held on tight .
after theride he had so much fun he need to take a time out and set on the bench .
i love bugs so much .
this spider is cool .
so is this one .
then i went to the museum .
and the pyramid was cool .
we saw a lot of awesome nature sights on our morning walk .
what is this bug we see ? we watched him for a while .
i did n't like the spiders we encountered , but i do agree they were pretty cool .
man made structures are almost as awesome as nature 's , but not quite .
what is this building we have come across ? our little stuffed lamb might know .
along the huge wall , we were able to see a small toy .
there was also a warning sign for awareness .
i put the toy on the carousel and then i rode with it .
i took pictures with my new carousel buddy .
this was probably one of the best days i have ever had .
while walking in the woods we saw a lot of cob webs .
look at the nasty spider on the leaf .
there is another type of spider coming down on a web .
we were waiting to get on the subway .
what an awesome creation of a pyramid , very unique .
it 's fair time in location .
there are several rows of games where people can win prizes or tickets .
the tickets can be redeemed for food and drinks .
or they can be used to go on the various rides in the carnival zone .
it would n't be a fair without the locals throughout the area playing music every year .
the midway of the fair was lined with exotic fun booths .
some of the booths required you to pop a balloon to win a prize .
the food at the fair was delicious at the cheese steak location .
the man was seen waiting for customers to play the game .
the organization wheel was set up to give riders a thrill .
our night at the fair was great . we loved the games !
some of the carnival games are hard though . this is popping balloons .
does anyone make a cheesesteak as good as any carnival ?
we rode the organization organization and got a good view of the surrounding area .
there are always musicians there willing to entertain .
there are so many things to do at the fair .
they have plenty of games for the kids and people who like it easy .
the fair food is great and they have something for everyone .
there are also plenty of games that are harder or require more skill .
and of course there are lots of rides for everyone to enjoy .
the carnival was in town !
there were games everywhere !
and food as well .
bright lights shone all around .
and in the background you could faintly here the jazz music that kept the people moving in beat .
it was a great day to have some fun
the rainbow colors flew high
there was a red fire truck for people to see
the people enjoyed the sunset
it was the perfect way to end the day
there 's only one way to go here , straight up .
riding the rainbow road from this direction seems colorful and wonderful .
the underside , however , reveals the more mundane mechanics necessary to keep things flowing .
[male] will never forget the first time he took his kart out onto location location .
it 's like a wonderful story he will want to tell his grandchildren time and time again , as his own life fades away the memories of the rainbow road live on .
first we had to climb to the top in order to get the view .
it was crazy , seeing the rainbow shaped arch from this side .
the truck was really cool , the way it turned into a storefront .
but the best view came as the sun was setting .
the lights from the distant fair were beautiful .
a young man went exploring one fine summer morning .
after many hours , he happened upon a man made rainbow with a restaurant attached on one end .
with much excitement , he went and ate inside this restaurant at the end of the rainbow .
with a full belly , the young man walked along the pier .
as the sun set , he watched the beautiful lights of the city .
a large outdoor art display was visited .
a large rainbow shot forth into the sky .
a nearby truck exhibit was intricately painted and adorned .
a beautiful sunset really set the mood .
at night , the colors of the nearby buildings painted a beautiful tapestry .
toured an old fort . there was a giant wheel on the outside .
another fort down the road . they must have been really afraid of being attacked .
the city is so old and has alot of history .
someone in this city has alot of money . this car is expensive .
awesome view from our room . where should we eat ?
the old wheelhouse was the setting of a gruesome murder .
beneath the arches to the east of the wheel , three men were hanged .
and off the edge of this tower leaped the murderer , a woman .
in these shadowy corridors the police ran to try to save the men , but it was too late .
once again , st. [male] 's organization took the lives of the innocent -- and the guilty .
the water wheel in this old structure was quite a sight .
we took a lot of pictures of the old architecture .
new blends with old in these buildings .
a modern day car seems out of place in this area .
what a wonderful photo opportunity we have found up high across the landscape .
the romans built watermills that lasted for ages .
their forts can still be seen outside town .
inside , their designs still are used as parts of modern buildings .
we took a trip around to see all the different ruins .
from those ruins , we were able to see a great view of the city .
we went on vacation to explore some history .
the country has some of the most beautiful ancient ruins . it is always fun to walk around and let the history soak into you .
after walking around in the old part of town all day , we stop by the local square to get the flavor of the local culture and find a room for the night .
i had a great time yesterday , but it is time to move on to our next stop .
i can wait to see what is next , but i 'm already building fond memories of our visit .
today was the day .
we saw lots of cool stuff .
neat old helmets .
lots of signs .
and a sweet trailer !
i was out for a few groceries , and noticed the saturday market was up and running .
i wandered through a few booths , looking at air socks , dresses , crafts .
some collectibles from war were being watched by a very alert watch dog in a window .
later , we wandered into people showing their antique cars and wagons . here an old motorcycle and bus .
i ended up sneaking onto this bus , and was in location location before i woke up . the adventure was quite a story .
as we entered the fair grounds , we saw a very quint looking trailer for one of the travelers .
someone had made paper monster figures that blew in the wind .
we also got to see vests and helmets from the past !
but i 'm pretty sure the signs were meant to make us confused .
before we left , we got to see a very cute little rv and it made me jealous it was n't where i got to spend the night .
carnival time ! we stopped by this colorful display to see what it was like .
colorful kites sold by colorful characters . the owner also made homemade jewelry .
this lively old timer not only sold army supplies , he did a skit called all american wars in 5 minutes .
all the attractions on a sign , when they move camp do they have to change the sign ?
the workers lived here to . touches of homelife were scattered through the carnival .
our community celebrated the beginning of summer with an outdoor caravan fair .
lots of interesting buses and caravans set up fancy displays for the visitors .
this doggie was watching over a display of fancy motorcycle gear .
this colorful signpost shows all the incredible things we could do .
some of the caravans had unique and impressive designs , which made the whole event a visual feast .
when the sun rose , we got up .
we started to light our first balloon before the sun was in the sky .
later that day , we did the maintenance work for one of our balloons .
our maintenance man is very good at fixing our rides .
once he was done , we went back in the air .
the balloons were lined up to be inflated .
the first balloon was inflated !
all of the the balloons were inflated and ready to go !
all of the balloons were floating away .
by the end of the night , the balloons were clear from the skies .
we went to a balloon festival yesterday .
they had to blow up the balloons with a big blower .
when the balloons were inflated , they lifted off the ground .
soon they were soaring into the sky .
when the day was over , the balloons came down , and we went home for the night happy to have seen the balloons fly .
we had to get up early to start inflating the balloons .
it 's a lot more work than what people think .
a few hours later , we finally had them all ready to take off .
up we went !
we stayed up in the sky until the sunset . what a beautiful experience !
the morning of the big day . i had saved up all year , and put so much planning into today .
here is my balloon lit up at dawn . the light of the fire drowned out the light of the sun for a bit .
here is another balloon being filled up , or rather heated up .
here is dannys balloon . we thought it was a good idea to do this together .
when i was in the air it was such a thrill . i am going to do this every year .
our trip to location was full of history .
we were able to tour all of the areas we had only read in books or seen on television .
the history and it 's people are full and rich .
big [male] is like the location tower to location or the statue of [female] to location .
the cathedrals command such reverence like i had never seen .
while touring the country we got to see a large building with artifacts inside .
the inside had many cool structures of old dinosaurs .
while walking down the street we saw a marching band walking perfectly synced up .
the ferris wheel was in such a cool spot right on the water .
to end the day we checked out a large government building with people walking in front of it .
we went to the location location
inside these centuries old buildings life goes on .
the streetswere clean and neat .
i had to see the giant wheel !
the palaces are immense .
the tourists loved looking at the historic buildings .
the interiors were usually just as detailed as the exteriors .
by walking a few blocks , here would be more to see !
people could even pass the old carnival grounds where the ferris wheel was preserved .
the final stop along the trail was usually the old court house .
cathedrals were once built as an intimidating reminder of the church 's great power .
the interior of the cathedral is a giant maze .
those who denied the church 's might were entombed here .
or they were imprisoned here .
even today , people gather to worship at the cathedrals .
there was once a man and his wife who decided one day to visit the an old village where she grew up .
they walked all around the old market , and found an old woman making all sorts of artwork .
her most favorite thing to make was small umbrellas .
the couple asked her is she would make a piece of artwork for them to take home .
so she made a piece of art on his clothing to take with him as they continued to explore the village .
we spent the day at the market .
there were lots of arts and crafts to see .
one vendor sold handmade umbrellas .
this is the woman putting together one of the umbrellas .
we took the bus home in the afternoon .
on vacation we visited a nice outdoor market and tasted free soup .
there we watched a person make a fancy umbrella .
the umbrellas came in many shades of color .
the person also hand-crafted a design on dad 's pants .
the stitch was a happy elephant .
today we explored the market .
we saw a man making parasols .
his finished ones were colorful
dad saw a clothing painter .
she painted an elephant on his shorts .
while we were in location we stopped to see some local vendors .
they make many neat things .
these things were really colorful and looked nice when they spun around .
we watched this lady working on a piece .
after we were finished we took a bus up the road to a new place .
the show started out with the lead singer singing acapella .
then he added his electric guitar .
next , his bandmate joined on the keyboard .
together the two sounded great .
the show really gained momentum as the songs continued .
we went out to see a friends band play to tonight .
the first band used different types of percussion and keyboards .
my friend 's band was next and played a 30 min set .
the next tow bands were okay although not my type of music was very enjoyable
the night concluded with the last two band playing a song together .
me and my friends were playing at a nightclub one weekend . this is me singing .
my friend , cliff , plays guitar . he is one of the best out there !
my other friend , [male] , is a pianist . he used to play with another local band .
together we rocked out to a sold out crowd that night !
we had a blast ! everything was excellent and i hope another weekend can match that one !
the singer practices his vocals during rehearsal .
the guitarist practiced some chords .
the keyboard player worked on scales .
once they were ready , they started the concert .
they really rocked out all night long .
[male] is the lead singer of his band .
his friend [male] signs backups and plays the guitar .
[male] is the keyboardist of the band .
they 're recording a new ep today .
[male] is the most excited because he gets a guitar solo on the next song .
this is me . i 'm touring jakoosie today and i 'm looking for cool stuff .
i wondered upon tibidabo . these blocks are so neat . they spin around .
i walked a little further and found a large ferris wheel . i took a few spins and threw up on the boardwalk .
since my stomach was empty i figured i 'd stop and get some dinner . this looked sketchy and i 'm not sure what it was because the woman i bought it from did n't speak english but i ended up eating it all and it was delicious !
my last stop was this huge church on a hillside . it was magnificent ! i passed out on the steps and woke up naked .
being a tourist is great we are going to be sure to get lots of pictures .
this is the prettiest cathedral in the city .
and this is a picture of our tour group .
we have to get pictures by the fountain . be sure to make a wish .
finally after a long day of touring we are going back to our hotel .
the tourists are taking pictures of the moment .
the famous statue is visible even at dusk .
there is a long line to get into the attraction .
there are many tourist taking pictures of the statue , and their surroundings .
there are signs , however , they are in spanish .
visiting the city i took pictures of everything , inlcuding other photographers .
the view of the church from afar was glorious .
we were n't the only tourists visiting that day .
grabbed a snapshot of this photographer and his impressive camera .
you could find art in the most unexpected of places .
today will be a great day for excursion .
look at those unique blocks !
might as well jump into ferris wheel to see the bigger view .
i got so hungry and got this delicious food .
i 'm on the move again , time to go there and pray .
i really like quilts .
i think this is a naked lady .
i better take two pictures to be safe .
my clothes are awesome .
is this a squid ?
we spent the day at an art showing .
there were different types of artwork like this painting .
some people displayed handmade sculptures .
a couple artists even displayed larger pieces like this mural .
there were even people practicing live impromptu !
there were all kinds of different embroidery artwork at the show , here is a ferris wheel
there was even some more risky embrodery pieces that were hung on the walls .
here is a little closer towards the beautiful piece that was catching everyones eye at the show .
who wants to have to reach inside their pocket to get their lighter when you can have one hanging on the outside !
this piece was absolutely mind blowing , it was a complete mix of different art mediums and there was water color , oils and embroidery all on one canvas , truly remarkable .
the entrance to the new museum was to say the least that stellar .
the paintings looked like they were drawn by a drunk hobo .
the carvings looked juvenile .
the mural looked like graffiti in my neighborhood , but the ones in my neighborhood look better .
i cant take it ! ! i want my money back ! ! ! give it to me . thank you .
at the art gallery , there were many interesting art like this round stitch .
there was also a stitch of a woman dancing fierce .
a closer look , the woman seemed to be singing too .
dad decided to show off his fancy stitch work .
we also looked at some weird paintings .
opera time ! i am getting ready to go inside to see a great operatic performance .
i arrived during the show . i hurried to my seat and took this photo of a wonderful song called pickles in the atmosphere .
after the performance [male] the man behind me took my camera and snapped my picture . he was so rude but i pretended i was happy to get him to leave me alone .
i exited the building to see the sun rising ! what ? where did the night go so fast ? ? was i drugged ?
all of the sudden two buses appeared out of thin air ! ! i fell down and [male] picked me up . i looked at him and then i ran home . i 'm never coming out of the house !
our group rode to the theatre by bus .
we parked a short distance away and had to walk a couple blocks .
the lobby of the theatre was massive !
here were our seats and our view ; the inside of the theatre was lovely !
these are some of the performers on the stage .
the concert we decided to go to was amazing !
we found a lot of other people there too .
after the concert we decided to buy some of their merchandise .
the way home was going to be long and treacherous .
we eventually got back though and we were very tired .
we are on the bus heading downtown to see the concert .
after getting off the bus , we have to walk 3 walks to get to the concert hall .
the lobby of the concert hall is very big and very well lighted .
10 minutes before the show we start walking to the auditorium to find our seats .
the lights were turned off as the concert started .
the family went on a trip to location .
during their time there , they enjoyed walking around exploring the streets .
they also decided to get tickets to see a show .
there were many others in attendance .
the show was a once in a lifetime experience .
today is the day [male] and i go to prison . on a tour that is !
it was so ominous and eerie feeling .
the walls were all worn and dirty . we ventured inside to look around .
[male] wanted to be locked up . only joking . we left out of there pretty quickly .
the outside was neat , huge guard towers lined the waters edge .
we went to go visit an historic prison .
the jail cells looked very scary looking in .
a boy decided that he would go in and take a peek inside of a cell but got scared and ran out .
this is a very good attempt at a prison selfie
near the end he got enough courage to go into a cell
dad always said if you misbehave , you will end up in the local jail .
here is your cell .
prisoners look so little in this space .
but at least you 'll get yard time .
and then you 'll be in lockup the rest of the night .
we spent a lot of time yesterday touring the prison .
it was a huge place . there were plenty of other tourists there as well .
inside of the prison was very dark and spooky .
some of the cells were the same size as our bathroom .
after the tour was over we were very tired from walking around the prison .
today we got to visit an old prison that is not in use any longer .
they still had the old fashioned doors .
we were able to walk through it during a tour .
everyone seemed to enjoy it although a little scary at times .
this is a picture if us standing inside the cell .
the village was a place for child play .
figurines and toys were sold throughout the shops .
some mimicked figures from around the globe .
other toys were of religious figures .
holiday figurines are always fun .
i am shopping today for my daughters birthday . she loves cookie monster and i think she will enjoy this stuffed toy .
i also decide that she could use a new pair of pink flip flops .
on the way to the check out i pass by the display of location toys . she ca n't get enough of [male] flinstone , so i put him in the cart too .
after shopping i head to organization .
i order an iced coffee for myself , and get 2 coffees to go , one for me later and one for my husband .
i was trying to find the best toy for my child so i spent a few hours in the toy store .
i looked at almost all of their toys .
some of them were kind of strange to me .
other one 's seemed like strange ideas for toys .
in the end i decided to buy this garden gnome .
while at the lake today we visited a few shops .
they sold some very colorful flip flops .
they also had some cartoon characters .
there was a small diner in there as well . they sold coffee and sandwiches .
we ordered some coffee to go so we could get back to the water .
there was once a store that specialized in children 's toys .
but over time their sales plummeted so decided to expand out to children 's shoes to try and boost sales .
all the while continuing to promote their popular toy brands .
despite their new venture sales were still low , so they decided to change the entire store into a popular coffee shop .
they sold a lot of popular coffee and iced tea drinks to their surprise .
we went to the block party this weekend .
they had a lot of food . i really liked these turkey legs .
check out this fry stand , it 's pretty cool .
it was really crowded and hard to find a spot to sit .
the concert was awesome and i 'm sure we will come again .
the day starts out with a banana and some water .
[male] likes to take a nap in grass before heading to the party .
quick stop at one of the food kiosks .
once at the party we try the fried chicken , my favorite .
we end the night with some red stripe .
i got up this morning and made a quick breakfast .
then i laid around in the sun for a while .
i was still hungry so i went to get some chicken .
they served chicken legs and hotdog wrappers .
fortunately , they served beer there .
you just never know what you are going to see when you spend a day at location location
to start with i went for the turkey wings instead of the hot dogs .
although i was tempted to get more snacks after seeing this big ad for hot fries .
instead we strolled the boardwalk .
and took in a concert .
we are preparing a delicious breakfast while getting ready to go to the picnic .
today is a day to put on some sunglasses , lay down and relax .
there are so many concession stands , it 's hard to pick just one .
fried turkey legs are so delicious and filling .
there 's nothing like washing a tasty meal down with an ice cold beer .
i went to the fair last weekend .
there were a lot of rides there .
i played many games .
the view of the ocean was beautiful .
i went for a walk on the pier .
the old carousel was still operational on the boardwalk .
the view from across the boardwalk of the city .
a older building that is showing its age on the boardwalk .
the ferris wheel was seen from a distance towering over the area .
the boardwalk was not busy on that nice day .
during our day on the pier , we rode the carousel !
the view out across the water is fantastic .
we saw and visited all they had to offer out near the pier .
the organization organization looms over the pier . we rode it at night though !
the view as you walk the pier is great . the morning light is soothing .
we rode all over , and when we stopped we found this fair not in use .
they still had all of the rides up , but no one was there .
all the stalls where lit up . it was a rather confusing sight .
we wandered off down the boardwalk .
the water was this neat purple color and the setting sun turned everything this wonderful shade .
a trip to the amusement park started with a carousel .
the view from the park showed a lovely body of water flanked by other buildings .
the fairgrounds had been there for quite some time .
the ferris wheel was a great place for a bird 's eye view .
the nearby pier and boardwalk were a relaxing break from the fun .
we were at the war memorial and they provided dinner .
we were able to view the old weapons..
including the military canon from the civil war .
and , they showed us how to blow glass..
and , the old water wheel .
i went to a historic site and saw an old antique wheel .
we were served yummy finger foods .
then they showed us an old bell .
there was even an old armor suit there .
then some children performed a play for us .
fried bananas , i 'm in heaven !
i wonder what these slots are for .
a real cannon , it 's not loaded though .
it got very hot !
old machinery is still very impressive .
today we visited a restaurant with a historic theme .
there was a variety of condiments all in separate bowls available .
we saw a giant silver bell from 1937 .
i even got my picture taken with a knight in armor !
at the end of the night , we got to watch a group of young children dancing .
hanging in the air is a giant bicycle wheel
a buffet of food is organized on the table
a giant comemmrative bell is on display .
the woman stands next to the spacesuit for a picture
the children dance together in a scen of the play
i came up with a genius idea to create economical sturdy huts .
i spent years working on different designs until i came up with the perfect one .
it was going to be economical to buy and very easy to put together .
with my designer was easy to create a tight-knit village .
this was imperative to the design because i wanted the huts to be used in villages .
i take boring pictures .
like this one .
i like spirals .
see , more spirals .
and some other shapes too .
in the middle of class , the teacher thought that a power point presentation would help the class understand a complicated topic .
however , the strange slides only made the students more confused .
the teacher attempted to make metaphors involving galaxies and plants to help the students understand the difficult lesson .
still , some of the students did n't understand so the teacher switched to slides that explained how the mathematics behind the spiral design impacted the lesson .
it took some time , but the students began to understand and the teacher could explain more abstract geometric concepts later in the lesson .
the kids sat in computer class looking at images .
when all of a sudden a strange language appeared .
[male] clicked it and a new page opened .
and another , what was happening ?
[male] 's teacher came by and noticed , and helped him exit spanish mode .
the guy was in a cube
and saw a tent
that was all different colors .
he designed blocks
and printed them out .
while we were in location we went to an amazing show .
lights flashing everywhere i liked it .
it also featured women in traditional costumes .
they were very beautiful .
the show ended quietly with the women on stage .
we went to a tradition chinese show .
there were great big traditional drums .
then there was a dance and fighting sequence .
the play continued and was very dramatic .
their outfits were great and pleasing to the eye .
the first thing i noticed was the amazing colors .
the ninjas with the swords had my attention after that .
the actress in the play was beautiful .
the red stood out so beautifully against everything .
the play was so good , i was really sad when it ended .
the show began with traditional drumming .
then ninjas came out on stage .
the princess next appeared .
then the heroine came on , carrying an umbrella .
the play then really began as other actors came on and we started to understand the story .
this exciting show begins with a drummer playing a very large drum .
a group of ninjas appear on stage .
they are after the beautiful princess .
this character saves the day .
at the end of the show the actors prepare for their final bow .
[male] had fun at the beach .
he went on the ferris wheel .
he watched some friends skateboard .
he even got a fortune from the fortune teller .
while reflecting at the garden he knew he had a good day .
there are so many things to see in this city .
there are many beautiful places here .
they even have a carnival down town .
there are some interesting things you ca n't see anywhere else .
this is such an amazing city and i love living here !
i met up with a friend on the boardwalk .
we ended exploring the amusement section , enjoying a few rides .
later we took our skateboards to the local park and skated a couple hours .
we passed by one of those old fortune machines and decided to find out our futures .
we finally ended up by the gardens , enjoying the beautiful colors .
i told my sister to take a picture next to the edge .
she wanted to go to the fair next so we went .
there was a man who was skating and he brought us to a skatepark .
i wanted to buy this crazy souvenir .
the coil garden was by far one of those coolest creations i have seen .
i grew up coming to the beach every year . i loved it so much i eventually moved out here .
now i have kids of my own . they love going on the rides at the boardwalk .
when they grow up i want to teach them to love skating as much as i do .
this was my favorite machine to visit as a kid .
i also loved the crazy garden mazes .
at this location there is a lot of culture and heritage that people like to come and tour .
the wild flowers here are sacred and are beautiful to watch grow .
the architecture and the gold statues are overwhelmingly beautiful .
there are lots of lit culture symbols to look at , at night .
the scenery is a site to see . you can get lost in the peacefulness of the landscape .
the organization garden was beautiful .
the rock formations were breathtaking .
the temple was gorgeous .
it was even more beautiful lit up at night .
in the morning the mist covered the mountain .
nature blends with man here for a great stroll we will not soon forget .
we encountered beautiful flowers on our walk .
this souvenir is a must have to show asian architecture .
neon lights remind us of the modern times we are actually in .
we could get lost in this place on our stroll . it 's quiet and there are no people .
they went sightseeing , trying to view all of the land before they left .
they found these beautiful flowers that were just now blooming .
they got to see old relics made of gold .
there were even signs on the street that were lit up with many lights .
at the end of the day , they got to see amazing things , and were grateful for their trip .
i went on a tour trip in location this summer .
i got to see the local wildlife and some amazing flowers .
there were historical tourist sites with golden statues .
there were also modern depictions of the local religious icons .
the countries were gorgeous , with impressive mountain ranges .
this is an amazing building that you can go in and look at the glass .
the glass is made up of all different art .
the whole building is made of glass and is lit to show the art .
the stained glass shows a different story and journey in every room .
the building of glass is so beautiful and amazing and a great trip to take .
the inside of the glass building was beautiful with different colors .
the moon art work was a brilliant blue .
the walkway near the water was landscaped nicely .
the sun was reflecting of the ocean nicely .
the bridge was lit up a bright blue in the night .
we walked along the pier and saw some great colorful sights .
the art here is fantastic and leaves a lasting impression .
the weather is great for sightseeing along the water .
the sunrise across the ocean is a sight to behold .
the pier at night is beautiful and is great to view from the water .
a young couple went to an art gallery .
their favorite piece was a stained glass with a planet on it .
after the gallery , they walked along the pier together .
they looked out at the ocean as the sun began to set .
they joyously looked at the lights of the city and were contented .
the area was very colorful
with lots of pretty colors .
the dome was blue
and had flames
with green around it .
i went around town with some of the locals.we rode on bikes i had never seen before .
we came across so many beautiful sites along the ocean .
even seen some amazing statues and buildings .
i think i enjoyed this statues the most.they look like two samurai sparing together .
by the end of the day we ended up back on the beach/and before i left i asked to take a picture of my tour guides and they is what i got.how cool are they ? i will never forget them .
we finally had a free day to do what we wanted .
when we saw these balloons , i could n't say no and ended up with two .
the color and detail were so amazing , this picture does n't even do it justice .
no matter how many times we asked , we were n't allowed to hold the birds .
best day ever with my very best friends .
we rode around town on bikes .
we rode along the walkway to the island .
the island had amazing pagodas .
there were sculptures of ancient philosophers too .
we were so excited to see it , we jumped into the air as a group .
a group of school girls were on a lovely bike ride across the countryside .
they crossed a bridge across a stream on theri way .
they stopped at a beautiful shrine .
they admired the sculptures , awed at the level of detail within .
finally , they snapped a group photo with a mighty 'go buuuundy ! ' , and called it a day .
a group of friends took a fun trip through location .
they walked a pretty bridge overlooking a pond .
they observed classical statues of dragons .
they looked at other statues of monks and wise men deep in thought .
together they posed for a jumping selfie to commemorate their time together .
the who performers entertain the people .
these showman are dressed like jokes .
the show is fun for all .
the pandas get in on the action .
this day was fun for the whole family .
went to an amusement park as part of our summer trip to location .
the acrobats were one of the main attractions .
but not as terrifying as the tower drop ride .
surprised to find a location calypso band .
and truly amazed by the dolphin performance act .
i had never been to an entertainment venue like this before , so i saw a lot unique things for the first time .
this was really neat to watch the theater show that was put .
the dancers really gave their all too , and the crowd was as pleased as i was with their performance .
my favorite part though was the panda bears !
at the end of the day , we all just relaxed on the deck and talked about what we were going to do the next day .
fairs are very cool places .
you can do all kinds of things there . you can see acrobatic acts ,
you can go on rides ,
and there is even live music .
sometimes you get to see animals and humans acting together . fairs are very unique .
the day started with a picture with a man on stilts wearing a colorful outfit .
we then walked into circus performance , with a performer balancing on a ladder .
we then went on a ride that shot you straight up into the air , and dropped you straight down .
while walking through the park , we stumbled across a band playing some jazz .
we ended out afternoon with swimming with some seals .
the hotel i was staying at had a nightly water and light show .
the lights danced in all different colors .
the pathway actually lit up . first it was blue .
then it was green .
i followed the path up to the dancing waters . it was so fun to watch and a real plus for staying at the hotel .
the day started on the long flower road .
we could see the tram pull up .
the race track was ready .
our view from the tram was retro .
i had to look at the ground because i felt sick .
i got the opportunity to visit a new city today .
there was some amazing modern architecture all over the place .
colored flags could be seen in front of glass and steel buildings .
all the buildings had an interesting curved shape that i had not seen before .
even the floors were well kept , and in great condition !
the building where i work is pretty neat .
its built in a curved shape .
here 's the view from the side .
it has lots of glass .
the marble floors are impressive too .
the downtown city was full of shadows and stalkers and lights . the shadows seemed to worship the fountain , and we could n't handle it .
we backed away from the fountain and could see it was ringed in more of the unearthly light .
the walkways and pavers were lit up as well ; it felt like being in a tron movie .
we wondered if the light was the source of the shadows .
we gave up and got close to the light like everyone else , and entered the water . we were no more .
it was a beautiful day to walk along the pier .
[female] and [male] wanted to take their daughter on a walk .
they love the lighthouse and wanted to show it to her .
[female] got a picture with [male] and their daughter .
she loved the beach and pier as much as her parents do .
we went on a trip to the beach .
we enjoyed looking for a lighthouse .
my family and i enjoyed walking along the beach .
here 's a picture of me with my family in the background on the beach .
later we enjoyed the carnival .
the walk to the beach was very nice .
there was a house along the pier .
we walked along the walkway bridge to to get to the other side .
my wife brought her sunglasses but i did n't bring mine .
we ended the day with a ride on the carousel .
i went with my wife to the harbor this weekend .
i think she liked it .
we spotted a lighthouse .
my daughter met up with us later .
we all took a walk on the beach .
we decided to head down to the beach .
we walked along the shore seeing the sites .
we had a really good time , it was such a nice day .
we turned around afterward and headed back/
we stopped off back in town at a local fair .
i went on vacation last weekend .
there were a ton of people on the street .
some of them were tourists as well .
the buildings were very colorful at night .
i had a great time there .
the city looked somewhat plain in the day time .
the features of the buildings do n't stand out as well during the day .
the buildings come alive when they are lighted .
the city comes alive at night .
people flock to the city center at night .
what a great pic !
dude was just chillin .
that is an incredible building .
a night view .
the night life !
we where walking around town and decided to follow the crowd .
we made our way to the center of town and looked around .
the buildings where really cool .
we hung out till night to see what goes on there .
the streets lit up and stayed very lively .
the town during the day was a busy , rushed place .
a person caught a break in a roadside chair for a moment before resuming their business .
despite the hurry , everybody took notice of the architecture .
at night , the buildings glowed across the skyline .
the neon lights made things seem almost futuristic .
today was the day .
there were lots of neat buildings .
cool stairs .
lots of statues .
and a beautiful view .
left the house in the morning .
went to the gym to play basketball .
went on a ferris wheel .
the view from the ferris wheel .
then finally went to the crown plaza .
she decided to take the day and look a some different architecture .
she even studied the different lighting while she was out .
this one has very interesting mixture of curves and straight lines .
she thought this sculpture in the lobby area and how they did the room is very beautiful .
lastly , she went to the roof to look out over all the buildings .
the family and i took a trip to the city and we stayed at this gorgeous house .
the boys wanted to play basketball so we took them to an indoor court .
the little ones really wanted to do something fun , so we went to a carnival and they enjoyed the ferris wheel .
the city had some amazing buildings and great scenery .
we had dinner at a wonderful restaurant in location location .
when i decided to take a last minute mini-vacation i was n't sure how it would turn out , but from the first stop at i was enjoying myself .
i decided to flip a coin as i drove around the city and if it came up heads i stopped to check out whatever was close - like this school basketball court .
the ferris wheel was a city landmark and was lovingly maintained . it still ran despite its age .
i found a spot where i could get a higher vantage point and enjoyed the view despite the rain .
the city 's nightlife was n't thriving , but it still had its charm .
the school was new .
the grounds the school were on were vast .
kids liked to eat their meals outside .
the birds flew over the school often .
the city was glad to have such a modern school for the children .
i was really hungry at lunch one day .
after lunch i went back to my desk .
i was still hungry so i went back to grab more food .
i went to eat it at the park .
i had a great time there .
we went to the convention center today .
we walked around outside ,
and then came inside to eat lunch .
the sky was so bright and blue ,
and the weather was really nice .
i like the cafeteria at work .
is it has a nice view of the lake .
this is where i work .
here are some of the ducks that go to the lake .
here is the view from the other side of the lake .
my first day at work for the accounting firm . ca n't believe they offer chicken wings on the menu .
this is my office . no windows but in 6 months i can be promoted to an office with great views . ca n't wait .
well , since i 'm new i guess i eat alone today . i 'm hoping to make friends soon .
going for a walk to burn off those fries . great view of the lake .
i think i 'll eat my lunch out here tomorrow . this view is fantastic . i guess i can handle that office for 6 months .
these people are getting ready to attend an outdoor concert .
there are live bands there who will perform .
there are also some guests that talk about certain topics via video feeds .
some will also perform music via the video .
at the end there is a huge fireworks display .
the rally started with signs of demonstration .
then the stage lit up and night .
there was amazing fireworks .
the fireworks continued into the night ,
the finale was impressive .
the town gathers for it 's annual 4th of july party .
we see a concert .
and a movie .
and another movie .
and finally we end it with the fireworks . boom boom boom .
we tried to get to the concert early but there was still a large crowd there .
we were able to see everything due to the screen next to the stage . sempme started things off .
while there was an intermission , they played videos about the charity the concert benefited .
[male] [male] then got on and played a set .
the night ended with fireworks behind the stage .
a large crowd of people assembles outside .
the lights come on and people take the stage .
a woman 's face comes over the large display screen .
lights increase on the stage area .
fireworks commence and the people are thrilled .
we went on a trip to the city .
the lights were so beautiful in the evening
we got a little silly before going out to eat .
the restaurant was classy .
on the way home we took more selfies .
last night we ate at the most amazing reatuarant
we got a new camera and we decided to put it to good use .
we took some night shots that did n't come out so well .
next we tried taking a picture of a field but it came out blurry .
the only decent shot we got was this spiral window found on a church .
we checked out a really neat french restaurant , in location !
i took a lot of pictures with my new camera .
they even had the stoplight poles lit up .
the countryside was vast .
i saw some very interesting round windows .
my boyfriend and i went downtown last night for a photo shoot .
i took a photo of the street lights because they had this strange red glow on them .
my boyfriend and i took a photograph in the mirror together at a book store .
the book store sold my favorite book , 'moutaree . '
i took one last photo of myself before going back home .
for my photography class assignment , i took a picture of the front of my favorite restaurant .
other people in the class took pictures of themselves .
one of my favorite pieces was that of a stoplight .
another class favorite was one taken of a empty part at night .
but the best photograph of the class was one taken of a window at the top of a dome .
there were a lot of light bulbs .
i mean a ton a light bulbs !
there were so many , i needed to eat a hot dog !
that kid tried to steal it from me .
but the guy with the man purse beat him to it .
location lights at night are so beautiful .
even walking down a street at night is made extra special by all the lights .
it takes a lot of skill to make all of the lights look uniform .
we had to stop to get a quick photo together .
when we left we made sure to grab some sushi .
we visited this beautiful restaurant on our trip to location .
at night the village shops were all lit up .
th entrance to the restaurant was very bright , red and unique .
my girlfriend and i before we enjoyed a delicious authentic japanese sushi dinner .
the sushi was delicious , and plentiful !
lanterns decorate this restaurant .
see their intricate design .
this is a prostitute working near the restaurant .
she is a bad influence on neighborhood youth .
[male] spends his vacation cash wisely .
visiting the gate of a beautiful japanese market .
beautiful display of light at the japanese market .
gorgeous red illuminating lantern
boyfriend and girlfriend under the red lanterns .
then they went on a luck at a japanese sushi bar .
the city has really evolved over the many years of it 's existence .
there are many new construction projects happening all the time .
the hispanic community has many small shops and businesses .
ultra modern buildings are springing up everywhere .
the new city is wonderful but the old still has it 's charm .
all over town today everything was silent .
we mourned the loss and murder of a little girl who was brutally murdered .
she was just 4 years old.snatched right out of her families yard.who would do such a thing ?
everything was quiet and you would hardly find a soul .
it is scary when one sits back and thinks that could have been my child , niece or cousin.what is coming to this world these days ?
our day exploring the city was fun . we rode bicycles around all of the landmarks .
this part of the city looked abandoned . there were actually lots of people around . just not in this shot .
the small specialty shops were fun to visit . we came back with too much stuff to carry on our bicycles .
cities have their own unique look , but i was missing the shade of trees in the concrete jungle .
some welcome shade in the city was just up ahead . we rode our bikes over to it to rest .
riding through the city on a nice day ,
the tour went very well .
stopped at a couple stores ,
before heading down town .
back home we go .
the buildings were tall
and they were very pretty .
they had shops
near glass buildings
and long streets .
they wanted to spend a lot of the time out there having fun , but they could n't believe their eyes with all of the statue .
she stopped to take a picture of her self over the railing in front of a large boat that was docked .
that evening they came into town and saw the very large ferries wheel and wanted to go on a ride .
they stopped to take a picture under a large kung fu statue .
she though the red high heels are a great thing to take a picture of .
the monument was at a fun sight to see .
the town enjoyed this monument .
the space needle was another well known monument .
the townpeople could see it from the ferris wheel .
[male] loved seeing his sights in the city .
the giraffe statue was even bigger up close .
the pier was busy , if beautiful , even on a cloudy day .
i could n't wait to get on the rides .
he really did try to be like the statue , but he might have been a bit too small .
then again , i probably could n't fit into the large shoes either .
our tour through the city started with me taking a picture under this metal giraffe .
we walked through the bridge , and took a picture overlooking the docks .
we passed by the small amusement park , and rode the ferris wheel .
afterwards we walked through an area with large sculptures , and took a picture under the robot .
we finally made it to the shoe store , where we took a picture of giant red shoes .
look at the wonderful piece of artwork that my husband is standing under .
there i am standing by the water with a ship in the background .
the ferris wheel ride was wonderful . i loved the view .
my husband acting like a super hero like the statue behind him .
there is no way i could ever fill those high heel shoes .
my family and i went to the location location location .
we took a train to get there to take in the sights .
my family had never rode in a train before and they were excited .
the train went on rails that were high in the air .
we arrived at the location location location after the train trip and enjoyed a great meal .
we went to the rainforest cafe this weekend and the fair around it .
there were many rides in the park , this carousel was awesome .
the monorail was very impressive , we could n't wait to ride it .
even though there was a long wait at the station it was worth it .
my only wish was that the weather was better .
we went to the location location .
in order to get there , we road the monorail .
it was quite empty .
the rail was very fast and it traveled across the water .
the cafe was on an island in the middle of the river .
birds were flying all over the place !
faster then a speeding bullet ? yes !
a quiet ride to our cabin .
i love trams , so much .
palm trees , are we in location ?
they were going to the rainforest cafe tonight !
to get there they needed to go by tram .
all aboard !
the tram sped towards the restaurant .
and they got to take in the beautiful views .
it was a beautiful day in the city
the sky was so blue at the beach
this was an amazing piece of artwork here
and the jets flew high above the sky
and the sun went down on a perfect day in the city
i love the city .
the river was amazing .
the building were great .
the beach was crowded .
there was so much to do .
we spent the day on the beach in the summer sunshine . this bridge is a modern marvel .
the sun was out and the crowds were out on the beach too .
this bizarre yet interesting monument certainly caught our attention .
there was an airshow for the beach crowd .
the lights of the carnival at night on the pier are fantastic .
we went to location for summer vacation and stayed in a tall hotel .
we went to the gorgeous beach one day .
there was a very cool fountain there .
we were lucky enough to see an air show , too .
we finished the night at an amusement park by the beach .
the buildings were tall
and the people looked around
at the big sign .
planes were overhead
and there was a ferris wheel .
a group of people gathered to go canoeing on the lake .
the first group entered their canoe and entered the water .
others began to start entering their boats .
the people were having an amazing time together in the water .
later that night , the lake held a fireworks show .
we took the family to see the fireworks last night .
they put on a really great show !
we were all so happy to be together to see the fireworks .
we loved all the different pretty colors .
we had such a wonderful time !
today , the community is celebrating a historical event .
they all get into boats and are off on the lake .
the lake is clear and nice
and the view is amazing . however , they are n't there to look at the lake .
they are there to get the best view of the fireworks . what a gorgeous view .
we went to a family picnic at a nearby lake .
we all rode in a boat and tried to row .
we rowed for a while and it was a lot of fun .
we rode around for hours and it was very tiring .
at the end of the day , we came back to our site and watched some fireworks .
the people were gathering around
and went into a boat .
they boated
until they got far out
and saw the fireworks .
it was a chinese celebration
there were many things to look at during the festival
the people swapped stories together
and many bought the goods they sold there
it was a nice day at the festival
i went to the festival last weekend .
there were many people there .
there were a lot of unique shops there .
i bought a few souvenirs .
i played a lot of games there .
we were excited to hang out for the festivities in location !
much like any festival gathering , there are carnival-like games .
there was great asian cuisine offered up as well .
this girl tried to talk us into trying her wares , but we had a lot more to see first .
the street vendors were very colorful here !
the red flag was very amazing .
we played a few of the carnival games for fun .
the red background behind the flags got my attention .
i went to get a flag to bring home .
i did not realize they had such a huge selection .
our visit to the chinese festival was fun .
there were banners all around the city .
shopkeepers had lots of displays up and available for sale .
the artwork on them was beautiful .
some people were wearing outfits from an older time .
after lunch we went out for a walk .
there were a lot of graffiti on the street .
we went on a boat ride .
there were a lot of plants growing in the canal .
it was very beautiful .
we traveled into dense location wilderness . sometimes a boat or two would wander by .
we noticed the bright colors , and were hungry from a long day of work .
as soon as we approached , we smelled the great food , and paid the price .
they gave us one of the best meals i had in our stay in the location .
i remember this little bright boat fondly .
my brother is hungry , he is eating a big sandwich .
i have no idea what they put on top of our car .
there is a picture of the boat that we were on .
some of the weeds that grown alongside the creek and dock .
the water looks so calm and still .
the face [male] makes when biting into this huge sandwich at dinner on our trip .
these cars had these huge colorful piatas on the top just driving along .
one of the highlights of the trip was a ride on these little boats .
the boats frequently stopped so we could see the surroundings .
the water was very clear and we could see many different types of fishes in it .
i visited a floating restaurant while on vacation .
it was a boat with a kitchen on it and you pulled your boat right up to it .
there was a man on board who was doing all of the cooking .
he had authentic local food being served .
it was a fun place and delicious and definitely something i would visit regularly if i was a local .
we watch the sunset on the last day of our vacation .
we are going to the boardwalk to ride the rides .
of course we will take time to win a prize .
if we can get lucky with the game that is .
at the end of the night we walk along the pier and say goodbye to our little dream spot .
one night at the beach we decided to take a walk .
we stood at the boardwalk watching the sunset .
we decided to take a walk on the pier .
the pier offered amusements like rides and food .
we loved our time in location !
we had a lovely day at the beach .
afterwards , we made a visit to the carnival .
there were a lot of plush toys available as prizes .
we did n't win anything at the claw machine , though .
afterwards , we hung out at the boardwalk for a bit .
evening is the best time for the fair !
the ferris wheel looked specular all lit up
the arcade and concessions area was lotf of fun .
we played some pinball and video games for prizes .
at night we walked home , satisfied .
catching a sunset by the beach , on our way to the fair
looking at the sunset .
the fair is right by the beach .
about to get into the ferris wheel ride .
spotted a star on the deck .
i was house hunting for my dream home . i fell in love from the very first door knob .
the doors were beautifully molded .
the living space was open and decadent .
even the windows were fancy and serene .
i always wanted fancy molding ! this place will do perfectly .
i 've always been a fan of stained glass so when i found out about this building i had to go .
the glass door had some interesting painted glass shapes .
this window had beautiful flowers surrounded by yellow trim on the door .
this glass window is only a small portion of a larger window that was in the foyer .
the biggest surprise was the ceiling which had a larger version of the flowers i saw before .
[male] wanted to show the range of beauty that one could find in the use of glass . he too this shot to show it when it is plain and functional . even this shows a beauty of the reflection of nature .
his next example is a step upward as the glass is a central point of the design of the entire room .
the next step up shows the art of stained glass but it is at the simple end of artistry .
this is an even more beautiful and elegant piece of art .
finally , the most beautiful and elegant glass that he found that day shows the other end of the range of beauty of glass in the city .
we were told this home had the best window art in town .
we saw windows framed in beautiful wood .
we saw many stained glass windows .
some were on walls .
some were even mounted in the ceiling !
even the doorknobs displayed the elegance and style of the owners
the entrance gave both the impression of beauty and power .
each piece in the room was handpicked to evoke emotion from the visitors .
the stained glass was imported from around the world .
only the finest craftsman were employed to make even the smallest pieces of the house .
took the kids to a farm today . they have never been to one before .
here comes the pigs . they were so cute .
ah , baby chickens are even cuter . of course the kids wanted one .
oh yuck ... bees . like something out of a horror movie .
[male] rabbits . we have seen cuteness overload today .
today was the day .
the trip to the barn .
i saw some pigs .
a baby chick .
and a few bees !
we took the little one to the farm entry at the fair .
it was a pretty large building with a lot of pens and a lot of animals to see .
the baby chicks are always adorable .
the bees are awe inspiring , but a little scary .
the rabbits are cozy and cute . this one must have needed to cool off .
two best friends decided to go a barnyard petting zoo .
they first arrived and noticed a resting cow . they decided not to wake it .
next to the cow was a very cute pig that oinked every time the two girls came near the cage .
in small compartments over head there were cages filled with even cuter baby chicks .
the girls ended their day with the bee collection held in a separate house than the other animals . the girls put on bee suits and the swarm buzzed along the honeycomb .
my best friend turned into a farmer !
her name is [female] , so cute !
oink , oink . very friendly .
this little chick , tried to cross the road .
i was scared of getting stung .
my son was so cute at the park .
my daughter led him on the fun rides .
she is such a trooper . she rode the carousel twice .
my son clapped and watched the others .
my nephew wanted to ride in the boats before we left .
riding a roller coaster for the first time can be pretty scary !
this ride seems to be the children 's normal speed .
she seems very happy to be on this particular ride .
the young ones clap as the fairy ride flows by .
mom in the water boat looking bored .
dad and the kids had a fun outing today . a roller coaster started the day off for dad .
the kids decided fly airplanes . the kiddie land was a big hit .
the classic carousel was a nice touch of nostalgia .
one of our favorite parts is when we rode past the petting zoo .
the last part of the adventure was relaxing for all . a calm boat ride on a small stream .
it was my weekend with my kids . i had many things planned for us , but i was just happy to be with them .
here is my son and daughter on a carnival ride . there where having so much fun .
just my oldest enjoying herself . she always liked the carousel ride .
now mu youngest on a train ride through the park . he really was enjoying all of the dights .
here i am . was not much of a ride , but it was something i could do that my kids could enjoy watching me have a good time .
i went to the fair with my kids .
we rode some flying rides .
there was also an old-fashioned carousel .
my kids had a great time .
i really liked riding the miniature boat rides .
the ocean seems big on a boat .
the town square was interesting to visit .
there was a notable army truck .
the town had a nice rollercoaster .
back to the boast and homeward bound .
our cruise ship stopped at location location for the day . there was much to see and do .
we visited the historical part of town .
of course i had to check out the roller coasters at the amusement park .
we enjoyed lunch and wine at this outdoor cafe .
before boarding the ship again , we took a sightseeing boat tour . it was a very memorable day .
setting time aside for a vacation is important for everyone .
to explore a new region of the world and learn more about other people .
when traveling one can loose themselves in the culture that surrounds them .
they can also enjoy the local attractions .
they can also utilize the transit of the area to experience a side of the destination they could never see on foot .
we had to take a boat to get the the park .
it was along walk after we got off of the boat .
we found a group that was going , and they where kind enough to give us a lift .
after taking so long and so many different adventures to get to the park it was sadly a bit of a let down .
our boat was waiting on us when we got back to the dock . it was a nice sight to know we where on our way home .
today was the first day of our trip to location .
we started the day off with some sight seeing .
the kids , of course , wanted to go on the rides at the theme park .
we stopped for lunch and the food was delicious !
we even took a ferry across the inlet .
decided to hit the downtown aquarium , and see some strange fish .
after our aquarium visit , we wandered through the downtown carnivale , thought about food , and moved on .
we got to the beach in time for mid day sun , and a few wet walks into sand .
after drying off and finding our flip flops , we found the downtown rose garden in location location .
flowers are a favorite of mine . i love growing them . wonderful day downtown today !
i love to take pictures of nature .
there are so many pretty sights to see outdoors .
the world is so pretty if you take the time to look .
i try to take as many pictures as i can .
i love to share my pictures with the world !
there was a very interesting animal in my cousin 's aquarium .
he also had a very interesting table .
my wife was only interested in his pink puffy flowers .
i told her that he had many more in his collection .
she wanted to know about the pink flowers though .
they stared down at the water and saw such an ugly fish they jumped .
standing on the pier above they decided to move on .
they headed to the gardens to see some flowers .
so many colors and so many pretty things .
some were already dead from the hot summer heat .
it was exciting getting a close up view of the large fish in the aquarium .
we went on the rides at the amusement park and ate cotton candy .
we enjoyed watching surfers in the ocean .
there was an array of beautiful flowers .
fragrant roses , a perfect end to the day .
the cafe was open on the street we walked on .
the downtown area was busy with people walking by .
the flowers in the area were a brilliant pink .
the couple was seen with a boat in the background .
some of the historic buildings in the area were filled with character and beautiful .
a family went on a ride on a carousel .
afterwards , they went to a cafe to get lunch .
the mom was tired , so she went to organization to get a coffee to wake herself up .
the kids wanted ice cream for a snack .
they came across a jungle gym where they had a lot of fun .
we decided on outside seating at the restaurant .
we people watched .
there were flowers growing beside us .
there were even some tango dancers .
we took a tour of the river after we finished .
our family attended a neighborhood street fair last week .
we had appetizers at one cafe .
we had a delicious lunch at another .
there were lots of food carts at the street fair and we had frozen lemonade !
we ended the outing a local playground .
a family enjoyed some time on a carousel on their day out .
while the kids played , the parents grabbed a quick bite to eat .
afterward , they grabbed a nice coffee for after the meal .
by the time the kids were finished playing , it was time to grab them some food from a roadside vendor .
the food gave the kids all the energy they needed to tackle the jungle gym .
the girl had a fun time .
she was glad her parents brought her to the merry-go-round .
she enjoys being on the merry-go-round .
her dad took some pictures .
she loved having fun with her parents .
[female] and katra had a special tea party for their dolls today .
[female] made sure they were dressed properly .
katra shared her food .
[female] even had them pose for pictures .
katra could n't stop smiling as she had so much fun at the tea party .
i got my daughter dressed up for the fair .
she was so excited to go .
we rode some rides together .
she really enjoyed it .
we did that for a while before moving on .
it is [female] 's second birthday today .
she is having a great time at her birthday party .
mom took her to her favorite merry-go-round .
[female] was very happy and dad took many pictures of her .
even mom dared riding [female] 's favorite horse !
it was time for family fun at the carnival !
she was so happy to be at the carnival !
they all enjoyed the fun rides !
she really loved the merry go round !
they had fun riding the horsey !
i had a great time at the beach .
there were so many cafes .
it was a lot of fun .
there were some people riding their bicycles .
they were also sightseeing .
a view from the ground of a bike and a unique building .
the man is seen drinking in front of the water .
the historic building was not busy that beautiful day .
the people sat on the bench enjoying the sunset .
the biker is seen with a mountain reflecting off of the water .
this is how i plan to get around to see things today .
this was my first stop because i thought it looked nice .
this is where i 'm headed to next .
i found others that spent their day the same way and were now ready to relax and enjoy the sunset .
have to get back on my way before it starts to get too dark .
our trip around the world took us to some fun places .
we took plenty of pictures , even of mundane things .
like this building , we just randomly took a picture of it .
it was great just being able to hang out with everyone in strange places .
it was especially fun just biking everywhere .
the man was looking out
near the house .
he was enjoying the sunet
and started biking
the entire night .
we went to a carnival last weekend .
there were gorgeous lights everywhere .
there was even an antique gas station .
the kids enjoyed the train ride .
i went on this train ride with my kids since it resembled a merry go round .
testing my new organization camera .
the close up quality shot of this horse is amazing .
i have taken a shot like this before . i love how the light bounces off the lens .
the camera comes with its own filter for black and white .
i try to get the most color in one shot . just to show off the camera .
the carousel was run down when we got it .
we fixed the lights .
we also fixed the gas pump next to it .
we added some new rides to it .
it took awhile but it was back up and running again within a few months .
we headed down to the carnival one day .
we walked through the old town to get there .
we passed an old gas station and then we where there .
we rode the small train first .
then went on some of the other rides .
the family was on vacation and taking pictures of the city .
they went to a bar .
then stopped to get gas .
then they went to a carnival for the kids .
the carousal is the best .
decided to get out of my hot downtown apartment and get some fresh air .
wandered by a little pizza shop , and got a snack . love these guys .
while walking after lunch , i noticed how many power lines are just above our heads . we forget to see it sometimes .
i wandered by a cat soaking up a few rays . kept thinking about getting my own kitty one day , maybe after i move .
the city life can be overwhelming , yet it teams with life , and curiosities .
today is a beautiful day .
i took a walk to go get some pizza .
this cat was laying on the side , he seem to be hot .
the pizza place seem to be crowded .
finally my favorite pizza has been served . this is the best pizza place ever and it fulfilled my day .
traveling around the city today .
we stopped in here for pizza ,
and walked down the streets ,
the weather was nice .
we walked around taking pictures all day .
a happy day was spent in the city .
a stop for homemade pizzas was made .
it was observed that the electrical wires were pretty against the sky .
a cat lounged on the road in the heat .
the cityscape was slightly claustrophobic but still fun .
the guy was walking
before he had some food .
the power lines were vast
and the cat was looking
at the power lines .
we went to the carnival this weekend , it was a great time .
they had a huge slide that we all enjoyed .
we also went on the ferris wheel , it was really high !
we did not neglect the other rides though , this one spun us so much we almost flew out .
i was almost too scared to go on the huge boat , but i did and it was awesome ! we 'll visit again soon .
took josh and the wife out to the fair .
he enjoyed some mean corn on the cob .
so did the wife .
i tried my hand at wack-a-mole .
won the prize and got a smile too .
i thought i was scary in my jack-o-lantern shirt .
my son rode the slide at the halloween fair .
there were ferris wheels and games .
i rode the tornado .
we finished with a ride on the viking ship .
my boyfriend and i went to an amusement park to celebrate halloween .
he was trying to convince me to get on this ride .
i told him we could compromise on the ferris wheel , but he felt it was not fast enough .
we ended up settling on this low key , yet fast ride .
he then went on this ride , all by himself .
my husband and our son went straight to the corn stand .
my son really devoured his corn on the cob !
it was a pretty tasty corn on the cob , i must admit !
my husband tried his hand at some games to try and win a prize for our son .
the outcome ? one huge stuffed animal for our son who was pretty happy !
it was time for the concert
all the loyal fans were pumped to see the show
the band came on to the stage
it was a night to remember
the farris wheel lit up the dark knight sky
[male] rocked out at the annual music festival he attended this past spring .
there was some awesome bands performing .
the crowd was going crazy during the bands different performances .
[male] went crowd surfing and it was insane .
the last band to perform was metallica and they tore the house down .
my favorite band played at the fair this weekend .
i went and stood right in the front .
the band sounded so great live .
afterward i went to the fair to enjoy some of the rides .
my favorite is always the ferris wheel .
some friends got to the concert grounds very early . it was drizzling .
the first band took the stage to get the crowd energized .
despite the rain , the crowd was in good spirits .
at one point , the singer crowdsurfed with some fans .
by the time the main group began performing , the sun had set and night had fallen .
the man did not know what to think
about the band that was playing .
he had a good time through
crowdsurfing .
the band had many lights .
disney was crowded .
all we did was take pictures .
we did n't do anything else .
just took lots of pictures .
and that was all we did .
here we are on our first day at the park .
there were characters everywhere !
the line for this ride was actually pretty short !
we were about to go see one of the shows here .
we had an awesome time at organization organization park !
girls take advantage of a selfie opportunity .
while the boys hang out with [male] simpson .
the whole group meets up to watch the simpsons .
they all try to convince [female] and [female] that sunglasses do n't look cool in the dark .
then they gather to make plans to take over the universe .
he meet up with our group at the roller coaster .
lets take some pics of us so we can show the guys at home .
they are going to love these shots .
now lets take some of you and [female] .
group photo time . i hope the flash went off .
here was are about to enter universal studios !
we got to take photo with a huge [male] simpson .
here we are waiting in line for another attraction .
the sunglasses make me feel like a star !
one last photo in front of the organization organization and we are heading for home .
the day of the balloon race is very crowded and exciting !
we all start off in a crazy mess of balloons .
everyone feels like they are on top of each other .
then as it weeds out it is just you and your main competitor .
but at the end of the day we are all the same .
it 's time for the local balloon festival . there are so many colorful balloons .
they have to be careful not to get their balloons too close .
they launch into the sky and we watch from the ground in awe .
it is amazing that they can go so high .
one day we will get a chance to ride on a balloon too .
today we went to the hot air balloon festival .
two of the hot air balloons looked like they were going to collide , it was a little heart throbbing .
the balloons continued to rise up higher and higher .
eventually you could not see the balloon pilots they were so high .
in the twilight , this was my favorite balloon !
the family went to the hot air balloon festival .
we saw them all up close .
soon they all took off at the same time .
we saw them fly right over our heads .
all too soon they were landed and deflating .
we waited in eager anticipation for the race to begin .
at the starting gate , the contestants were bunched tightly
then , the field started to seperate and the race proceeded .
until the final two made it to the finish line
and aa winner was crowned after returning to earth .
in location , we had to visit the arc de triumph .
this huge ferris wheel illuminated the park .
there was so much art to be found in location .
the location location looks amazing at night .
this was the view looking up the tower !
we are visiting location for the first time , our plane came in light so we get to see the city at night .
this is the famous arc de triomphe in the center of the city .
we get to take lots of pictures of local architecture .
the location location looks so beautiful at night all lit up .
we take a look up the inside and are amazed by the view .
the organization organization organization is beautiful lit up by night ; the traffic around it is deadly .
the great ferris wheel looks like something out of steampunk .
trees in the park are decorated with hula hoops .
the location location sways in the wind .
not everyone gets this view of the tower .
my friend just showed up to do a slide show for us from his trip to location .
he went on a beautiful ferris wheel at night . i am so jealous .
the art in location is so exciting .
the eiffel tower is so tall .
this view makes me think that i need to go to .
we spent a night in location .
we saw it 's famous location location .
we saw interesting sculptures
we even walked to the location location .
it was surreal standing at the base and looking up .
disney does fireworks right .
the night time fireworks a organization organization is well put together .
the fireworks last a long while .
you have to line up early to get the best spots .
the finale is always worth the wait .
this years 4th of july celebration was amazing .
the fireworks started during the second half of the show .
the orchestra was drowned out by the sound of cheering .
i thought that these were the best ones in the show .
we wo n't get another show like this until next year .
my favorite day of the year ; 4th of july !
and my favorite thing to do on the 4th . watch a fireworks display !
it seemed like the whole sky was ablaze with fireworks .
it seems to last forever but i know its only minutes .
the grand fanale ! a terrific end to a fun show !
last night we went to the fireworks sho .
we saw red shooting star fireworks .
we saw fountains of green and yellow .
bursts of gold exploded overhead .
the finale consisted of red fireworks shooting all over .
our seats for the concert was in the very back , but even from there we can see the fireworks .
the firework display was very elaborate and very bright .
there were all kinds of colors for the fireworks , even green .
after the fireworks was coming to an end , the lights turned to round yellow fireworks .
the end of the firework show was amazing , there was a shower of red lights through the sky .
this was first time i ever went to see a live baseball game .
the stadium was full of cheering fans for both teams .
the game was even for the longest time .
i took a picture of a player who was stealing third base , heading for home .
when my favorite team won , they had fireworks to congratulate the team .
i went to see the baseball game yesterday .
there were a ton of people there watching .
the players were very good .
it was a really close game .
i decided to leave before the end because i wanted to beat the traffic .
the whole family headed to location location to see the baseball game .
they got to see the players come out onto the field .
they game was n't looking good for them .
the players were running as fast as lightning , and the group was having fun .
at the end of the night they even got to see fireworks .
we were so excited to see our team play today .
the stadium slowly started to fill .
our team was winning at the end of the second inning
that action of the game was so awesome
the fireworks at the end made the perfect game
organization organization had a game
and there many people .
there was a low score
and the players were running
before the fireworks started .
the town was not all that interesting .
except for one statue .
there was also an interesting ride .
you could see it from the other side of this wall .
the wall has an important message .
i needed to go to the local butchery for some meat .
on my walk home , i decided to take the scenic route .
i came across the ferris wheel , but it was not operating due to the weather conditions .
i continued walking home on the road .
i came across a frog jumping on the organization pads .
i live in a pretty neat city .
they have lots of interesting things to look at .
we 've also got a organization wheel .
they have a take it if you need it box .
beside the take it if you need it box , the have a leave it box for donations .
we saw some interesting statues on our trip .
a lot of it was pretty plain , though .
we got to ride some of the ferris wheels .
just walking around parks was pretty relaxing .
the water was very tranquil .
we took a trip to a nearby spot in location .
there was a dancing fish that was made of metal .
there was even a ferris wheel .
there was also a giant purple wall .
there were many signs that said `` take it or leave it '' .
my friend was visiting me , so i decided to take him for tour of the area .
first , i showed him organization organization .
then i showed him him the american organization organization building .
afterwards , i took him up into the hills so he could see the view of the city , which spanned from side of the horizon ,
to the other . he was impressed !
there are so many different buildings around the city .
many of the have been there for a very long time .
it is neat to see all the different kinds of buildings .
there is so much history behind them
i love living in this city just so i can see these places myself !
we started the day by hopping into my green convertible .
we drove by the tower .
we stopped by the capital building to enjoy a tour .
we eventually went hiking .
the view was amazing when we reached the high ground .
the vintage car ,
looked really great outside the museum .
we visited today and had a great time .
the view was beautiful ,
looking down at the city .
we left the car to walk around the city .
we took a look at a few large buildings .
including the state house .
we then headed up into the mountains for the view .
it was worth it . the view was great .
i love the fireworks .
they are lighting up the sky .
the double fireworks really beautiful .
the falling fires were stunning .
i adored the finale .
i went to the fireworks show last weekend .
there were a ton of people watching the show .
the fireworks were very colorful .
they were also very loud .
i had a great time .
the fireworks started with a single blue flower .
then a red flower .
then two flowers bloomed .
then multiple showers of lights to imitate petals .
it ended with a shower of lights , to imitate rain .
happy fourth of july !
the fireworks were really loud ,
and colorful , multiple ,
fireworks going off .
this was a great celebration .
this 4th of july we went out to watch the fireworks show !
they had many in patriotic red white and blue colors .
mom really likes the traditional ones .
my brother 's favorite were the screamers .
the ones that glittered were my personal favorite .
it was time for the show
many enjoyed the live music
and it lasted throughout the day
there were many different performers
and the show was a big hit
today was the day .
everyone was there .
so was the crowd .
the music was great .
it was epic .
have you ever been to a street festival ? i was at my first one last week , and i had such a blast .
i was able to listen to several groups of musicians who entertained the crowds for hours .
there were plenty of food tents and booths to feed both the musicians as well as the crowd .
it was nice to enjoy some cultural food for the first time and listen to music like this .
i was not the only one enjoying it , as the place was packed . i am going to attend this every year from now on !
drum roll please .
the best drummers around had assembled .
people came from miles around to hear them .
it was the first drummers contest .
what better place to have it than at the country fair ?
the drummers were playing
for many people .
they were at an event
and there were children there
that were very happy .
a day at the carnival is always exciting from my son . he loves to win prizes .
we get to see our whole family . there is uncle [male] on the left .
as the crowds thin we get ready to hit the rides .
the little one loves the fast spinny rides .
but i am a rollercoaster fanatic . tonight will be a night to remember .
two stuffed tigers hang on the tent , simply waiting to be picked up by a winner .
crowds of people stand at the fair and walk around .
the ride is packed with people ready to have a good time .
the cyber loop ride sits completely empty .
the coaster looks fun to many of the onlookers .
it was time for the carnaval cancun 2010 .
many people turned out to the event and the crowds were thick in the mid-way .
there were many different games to play and here , you can see the carousel .
this ride spins you around so fast and then puts you on a tilt . it 's pretty exciting !
they have a pretty cool roller coaster too , but it 's not too big .
this particular stand was selling various colors of plastic swords .
the turnout to the county fair was incredible .
a group of individuals were watching a player attempt to wind a prize .
the cyber loop was one of the most talked about ride .
the roller coaster with a very circular track .
the family went to the fair last night .
they had to walk close together since it was very crowded .
they stopped at a food truck for a snack .
then they rode on the cyber loop .
followed by a kiddie roller coaster .
my family was going on a trip .
so we went to the air port to get on a plane .
i got the window seat .
i could look out and see the ground below us .
from up above , i had this gut feeling i wanted to be back on the solid ground .
taking plane trips can be a lot of fun .
if you look out of the window you can see the clouds rolling in .
the towns below look so small when you are up so high .
getting off of the plane can wear you out a bit .
so sometimes it is good to stop , relax , and have a treat until you get your energy back .
we got to the airport and boarded our plane .
we saw some mountains as we flew over the land .
we looked down at the city we would be staying in .
we got off the plane at the airport and began exploring .
we decided first to go have some ice cream
i went on a trip to visit grandma .
i boarded a small jet .
the world looked so tiny from up here .
i spotted the area i lived in .
i saw the tip of a mountain from above .
the airport was vast
and the airplane was large
when it took off .
it went high up
and they could see the mountains .
the waterfall was breathtaking .
but we soon had to continue or journey down the narrow road .
finally we reached the village where we had to ring the large bell to be let in .
the villager sent a boy to meet us at the entrance and lead us inside .
we were then brought to the path that lead to the sacred park .
[male] and his buddy visiting a waterfall nearby their house .
he took lots of pictures of its beauty .
they really loved it the waterfall .
the sun peaked over the clouds after a while .
[male] goes back home and shows his family his pictures .
the ride to the temple offered beautiful sights , too .
but once we got past the waterfalls , it was a straight road ahead .
the bell was so much bigger than i 'd expected it .
the temple itself was large too and very beautiful .
one last look reminded me how much work had gone into the walkway .
me and a buddy took a trip out to see a famous waterfall .
we took many pictures .
the waterfall was falling in full force today .
the weather was nice and not too hto .
we saw many old buildings along the way .
i went to location for vacation . i saw a beautiful waterfall .
mist filled the air as we drove back to the hotel .
this bell was charming .
architecture like this shows the greatness of the country .
this walkway was so neatly laid out that i had to take a picture of it .
today was the day .
the trip to the temple .
it was beautiful .
so much to see .
so much history .
the family went to the carnival .
then they went on a tour of the city .
it included art and architecture .
this building was one of the main points .
it has a lot of history .
while sightseeing , we managed to get some great photo opportunities . a ferris wheel backdrop always works !
what is this great architecture ? it takes our breath away .
the old builders were definitely masters at their craft .
this appears to be a tomb , but being unsure , we did n't enter .
the architecture on this structure is fantastic . it looms over head .
we took plenty of pictures of beautiful buildings while on vacation .
here 's one from the side , such beautiful detail .
the amount of detail in the buildings amazed all who looked at them .
against the backdrop of the sky the building looks glowing .
such a tall building with intrinsic details
the temples were truly breathtaking .
the fact that these have been built for so long was just unbelievable .
how could such beautiful buildings be made ?
it was truly baffling to think about their creation .
the design was wonderful .
i was hungry , so i started walking to find a place to eat .
i crossed the bridge .
i ended up in location location .
i got distracted and went shopping at location location .
i finally ended up finding sushi to eat .
i went to work today .
i could see the old houses down in the river .
i had a great time at the capitol .
after work i was pretty hungry .
i went to get some sushi .
we got on the bridge during rush hour .
it took a long time to finally cross .
we decided to stop off in china town to eat .
we found a good looking place and went inside .
we ordered our food and enjoyed it .
i had heard that the best sushi in the city was in location location 's historical location town .
it was terribly foggy that day as i crossed the golden gate bridge .
but it cleared up once i finally made it to location town .
what a colorful building i bet their sushi will be fabulous !
a nice korean beer , some miso soup , and a wonderful sushi roll made for a wonderful day .
it often surprised people who had never been to learn that the location location location was n't actually gold .
of course no one believes it made of gold but the color is n't gold , its red .
it leads you into one of the most fascinating cities in the location location .
full of culture .
and great food . especially excellent sushi .
the fireworks were amazing .
this one had three .
the looking fireworks were impressive .
the final show was good .
it was a fun night for fireworks .
i wanted to see the fireworks go off behind the needle .
i found a perfect spot and watched the fireworks go off .
i zoomed in my camera when the got more and more impressive .
i could tell when we were coming to the end , the fireworks were getting bigger .
the finale of the fireworks were outstanding .
for new year 's i went to see the fireworks .
i could not stop snapping pictures .
the fireworks lit up the night .
when they dispersed i could not wait for more .
this was the finale . i was sad it was over .
it was time for a big fireworks show !
fireworks lit up the night sky !
there were many different patterns of fireworks !
the colors of the fireworks changed by the second !
there were so many fireworks that the entire sky was covered !
the fireworks were large
near the big tower .
they were purple
and many colors .
the finale was the best .
the grocery store provided locally produced vegetables .
people in the city used this produce at their restaurants .
the restaurants has the freshest produce .
people from all over came to eat the dishes .
the liquor they sold at the restaurant was also locally sourced .
our visit last week to location was amazing .
we saw many different things that were interesting .
this candy vendor had all colors of the rainbow , we had to get some !
the city is nice and clean compared to other cities .
we ended our trip with a visit to the local museum , i 'm sure we 'll visit location again .
the view across location from our hotel room was great . it 's always cloudy though .
we rode the [female] eye . what a great ride !
their version of a farmer 's market held all sorts of great fruits and veggies .
the clouds are lifting and this provided us with a sunny photo op .
the architecture here is old and fantastic ; also quite humbling in its size .
i went on a vacation to a city in location .
while i was there , i rode the organization organization .
i also went to the market , to but fresh foods .
a relaxing walk by the river made me so happy .
lastly i visited this amazing art museum .
the markets in the city were colorful and stocked full of food .
the waterways created a cool atmosphere .
the dining was unique for sure .
the design of the buildings was also foreign to me .
shrines were everywhere too .
the view was great from the vacation site .
there were old windmills .
the group got to see them up close .
there were also many old buildings .
everyone appreciated the architecture for awhile before they went home .
settling in for a vacation in the countryside is pretty relaxing .
there are lots of different things to see from birds flying over the bay .
to buildings and just the sea itself .
our favorite thing to do is watch the waves splash on the shore .
and wonder just exactly what they built the building for .
our trip to the lake was pleasant .
we saw old windmills
and farming machinery .
we even saw a lighthouse
which was made of marble .
we went to the farmland for a little while to escape the city .
there were some neat farming equipments lying around .
some of them looked really interesting from the bottom up .
afterwards we saw a neat chapel across a lake .
we went to the chapel and had a magnificent time looking at the scenery .
it 's a beautiful day looking across the lake .
the windmill is placed in a wonderful view .
this is a nice symbol on a sailboat .
the man is having a great day looking at the view .
this looks like a wonderful place to spend the day for a view .
the group got all their snacks together .
and walked down to the show .
the show was great .
everyone had fun at the show .
it ended with some amazing fireworks .
there was a big event happening which a bunch of people went to .
one way to get there was a nearby aboveground rail line .
some people were hungry there and ate food .
many relaxed on the lawn and enjoyed themselves .
when night came , fireworks lit up the sky for all of them
there was a crowd of individuals waiting to attend the concert .
th bridge looks very different from underneath .
he was getting ready to enjoy his plate of treats , but someone asked to take his picture .
she is enjoying a day at the park with a nice picnic .
the night ended with an amazing firework display .
i could not wait to dig into that melon !
i was getting full . nothing like a bbq on the 4th !
we made our way to the fireworks show . it was still daylight .
we were geting bored ! when will the fireworks begin .
great show , it was worth the wait . what a terrific day .
my boyfriend and i went to an outdoor concert last night .
we sat underneath a bridge incase it rained .
i caught my boyfriend with a plate of snacks he did n't think i saw .
then my boyfriend caught me eating his plate of snacks .
the concert was followed up with a firework show .
the two women are excited for their first night in the foreign city .
before they go to the hotel they decide to check out the local night life .
this guy smiles for a picture that they take of him .
afterwards they stroll down the street and look at all the restaurants .
then it is time to cross the street and settle into the hotel for the night .
traveling around the world and taking a picture in front of hotel malta .
where i stated at , one of the most beautiful hotels .
this part of town reminded me of times square in location location .
very colorful windows .
giant sign on the street , about to eat dinner .
the student took a spontaneous trip into the city .
he found a hotel to stay at for the night that fit his budget .
he took a photo in front of his hotel .
he walked around , exploring the neighborhood .
he got hungry and decided to look for a place to eat .
downtown location location is brightly lit at night .
there are even hotels for visitors to stay at .
the hotels are 4 stories tall .
location location is a perfect place for a leisurely couples stroll down the street .
the sky scrapers are tall and bright at night .
the city was brightly lit and busy .
our first stop was to find a hotel for the night .
our friend posed under a building .
the side streets were alight with welcoming bars and shopws
the larger thoroughfares were just as bustling and brightly lit .
they waited for the train
to take them into town
for a birthday party .
it included a ride on a carousel for the kids .
they finished up talking at a coffee shop .
the family is visiting this local chalet to celebrate christmas .
they sit down together to decide what to do .
the first thing to see is the local gift shop .
then they take a picture with the elf , they know their kids will be jealous .
at the end of the vacation they make sure to bring home treat bags for the kids .
the holidays are always a rush , even picking up family was exciting .
the ride back was filled with many great stories from the previous year .
i was n't the only one recording memories to share .
we decided to go out and of course all the little ones had to have some fun too .
it was great catching up with family over a bite and a drink .
we gathered in the local bar to celebrate and had so much fun .
after we boarded a bus for a tour the company had arranged for the new hires .
later in the evening i got a chance to meet up with jen to celebrate a friends 's birthday .
the merry go round ride we decided to go on after b day cake was a trip down memory lane .
the next morning it was old an friend 's breakfast meeting that beat the whole weekend out for fun .
we traveled by train to see some friends .
the train was very crowded .
once we got to our destination we surprised our friend for her birthday .
we took her to the carousel
then ate dinner .
i went on a road trip with my family .
we made sure to be wary of mountain lions nearby .
we passed a ranger station as well .
we saw a gate but decided not to go in because of the caution sign .
our road trip was long and we had a long way to go .
we took a walk on the nature trail today .
we seen many pretty flowers .
the trail went on for so long !
we had to take a rest , and look out for mountain lions !
we had a great time and it was such a beautiful day !
some tourist were sightseeing and noticed a lovely flower .
one of the tourist saw a sign about a mountain lion and thought it would much more exciting than flowers .
the tourists followed the road up looking for the mountain lion but never saw it .
soon , the group reached a dead end and they knew that there were no mountain lions this way up the road .
they looked back at the long road they traveled to see the lion , and they both agreed to look at more beautiful flowers on the way back .
when the family first drove into the park , they saw a sign with directions on where to go .
at the side of the road there were beautiful flowers everywhere .
they drove up a long winding path to another area of the park .
there was a pavilion that had a sign that said to watch out for mountain lions .
they kept going up the mountain until they got to the very top . the view was magnificent .
this is where i live . i sleep when and where i please and live off the land .
i know this place inside and out . i appreciate the beauty nature offers .
this is one of my favorite places to prowl . it 's great for people stalking ... i mean watching .
recently , men put up these things . i like the drawing at the top of the sign but the rest is gibberish .
that 's my favorite bush i spend a lot of time hidden here sleeping or enjoying all the tasty scents . be sure and slow down when you walk by here so i can stop and say rawwrrr !
i went to the art exhibit last week .
there were a lot of great things there .
some of them were confusing .
i had a great time looking at all of them .
it was great .
went to an art museum with a group of friends .
we were looking for some artwork to purchase.as sometimes artist allow the sales of their items .
there were pictures of all sorts , but in front of them were sculptures or arrangements of some sort .
some were far out there or just far fetched .
then there were others that were more down to earth and stylish.this set was by far my favorite.very beautiful to me .
i was looking forward to our museum trip even though i do n't understand some of the art like this sculpture .
this is another one that i did not understand but my friend loved it .
i liked this ; it looks like what fireworks would look like if you could freeze them .
this was my favorite piece at the museum today .
[female] 's favorite was this vase that she really wished she could take home .
amazing night at the art gallery with my date .
we could n't quite tell what this art was , however , it was unique .
we loved this piece of art and wanted to buy it . however , it was n't for sell .
great artwork . we loved our visit to the museum .
what great flowers at the gallery . presentation is everything .
the art at the exhibit was cool .
very unusual and strange .
some of i i could not tell what it was .
other things just seemed thrown together .
i took a picture of a vase i liked and headed out .
we arrived at the ball field .
the stadium was about empty .
the band was warming up .
the food was good as always .
the after party was great .
today was the day .
the big game .
the band was there .
the music was great .
it was epic .
the new stadium looked great .
the first game had both teams get out on the field while the audience came in .
my son was part of the school band that would play .
i got some food and enjoyed the game .
afterwards , the kids got free props to play with .
fans of baseball gathered for a game .
as the bleachers filled in , pre-game activity took place on the field .
the stadium band practiced in anticipation .
lots of local food favorites were to be had during the game .
afterward , the group celebrated a successful outing together .
we went to a local baseball game .
we sat in the middle of the stadium .
we snapped pictures of our friends playing in the band .
we got some yummy snaps .
after we celebrated the win .
we went to the carnival in town today .
all of our friends went with us .
we were having such a good time .
there were so many rides for us to go on .
we had such a great time being together !
a young couple went to the amusement park and rode on the bumper cars .
while they were looking for another ride , they ran into their friends .
they rode on the water boat ride next .
they were at the end of the park now and needed to get back to the exit .
they took the skyline ride back to the front of the park and went home .
the bumper car was fast and swift .
i took a picture with my family after the ride .
they caught a good picture of me smiling .
the theme park was really interesting .
my favorite part was the ride that was somewhat like a ski lift .
kimmy had a blast on the rides today .
taking a break from the busy park .
kimmy is all smiles as we enter the amusement park
look at all the rides we have to ride today .
last ride of the day , then it 's homeward bound .
weeee , she whirled around and around .
what a fun day with friends .
spending time with her friends always made her happy .
now they were going to ride the big roller coaster .
then it would be off to the stands .
the father took his little boy to see the beautiful hot air balloons .
off , in the air the flew away , they were beautiful every one wanted to see .
the little boy ran up and down the railing looking and screaming in enjoyment .
he tried to sneak through the bars to touch one .
after he had realized he could not make it through the bars he tried to pull him self up and over the bars instead .
balloon stampede in location location location . what could be a better family event ?
we watched in early morning hours as the balloons filled with hot air .
my kid was amazed at how big and bright the balloons were .
later , our kid made a run for it , and thought perhaps freedom was just a balloon basket away .
and yes , our kid was too quick for us . he ended up flying away in the red and yellow balloon . we miss him .
i 'm glad i got there early enough to see the balloons being readied .
some took off before others .
i loved seeing how happy [male] was as they all began to rise .
he wanted to get closer and moved completely against the fence .
when it was over , it was hard to pry him away .
the hot air balloons were just starting to get set up when we got there .
we watched as they started to slowly fly into the sky .
my son was captivated by them .
he tried to climb the fence to ride one .
he could only barely get his head above the fence bars .
i took my son to see the annual hot air balloon event .
he stared in amazement at all the hot air balloons .
he pointed out the balloon he thought looked a coolest .
he wanted to take a closer look , but the gates kept us out .
so i held him up on my shoulders to get a good view of all the hot air balloons taking off into the sky .
one of the recent hurricanes ruined the old pier .
a closer view of the end of the ruined pier .
a stronger pier that stood up to the hurricane farther down the beach .
a roller coaster right near the strong pier .
there was a huge seafood selection in the shops near the pier .
location location is my favorite place .
i always go to the carousel first .
then i like to ride the roller coasters .
afterwards i like to gets something to eat from the fish stand .
the last thing i do is spend some time at the beach before heading home .
[male] was on vacation at the beach and spotted a structure in the water .
it looked like it could be the skeleton of an amusement park ride .
he sat on the beach , looking at the boardwalk and imagined what it once was .
later he visited the boardwalk and rode a real amusement park ride - the turbo coaster !
afterwards he ate fresh seafood for dinner from one of the vendors on the boardwalk .
it 's a day at the beach and the weather is fine .
the waves are barely breaking on the shore line .
there 's a pier there in the distance .
the turbo coaster tempts people 's tolerance of fear .
some healthy looking snack offerings present themselves .
we walked down to the beach .
we noticed a large building in the water .
then we saw a large pier that went far into the ocean .
after that we passed by a scary roller coaster .
not far away , we stopped to buy some candy .
i went to take a walk downtown yesterday .
there were a lot of beautiful christmas decorations .
they were very unique .
some of them were amazing .
i had a great time there .
the trees were lit with fantastic colors at the park .
the blue lights on the ground paired well with the lit trees .
the tee landscape and lit trees were breathtaking .
another view of the lit up trees on a cold winter night .
the lights were lit in the rock bed near the walkway .
i took a walk to see the city christmas lights .
this was one of my favorite displays . i love the blue lights covering the ground .
the lights were beautiful as they lined the road .
i also went to the nearby park to see the decorations there .
a soothing fountain was at the center of the park .
my neighborhood always has amazing lights during the holidays .
this yard was one of the best ones because of how the trees lit up .
this was another great one with the lights strung up and the different colors in the trees .
this was our favorite because the trees were huge and the lights made them stand out .
these lights added a touch of flair as they stood out in the stones .
i went to see christmas light display .
all of the trees were decorated .
there were strings of lights all across the sky .
there were even some platforms where you could view lights from above .
these lights looked like city lights .
tonight we are celebrating the local festival of lights .
there is a very large group waiting to get inside the temple .
inside the temple it is quite chaotic as everyone gets ready for the parade .
the dragon is everyone 's favorite part of the parade .
the most important thing is to remember to light a candle for good luck .
when we arrived to the ceremony hall , the sky overhead looked amazing .
we stood outside to watch the new year 's parade .
inside , there were food and refreshments for everyone .
the candles were lit for the ceremony .
this was the stage where the ceremony took place ; it was a wonderful evening .
everyone gathers at the house to celebrate .
a large dragon parades about during the festivities .
the guests eat delicious foods .
everyone lights a candle in the celebration .
finally , people gaze at the shrine before the night is over .
last spring i went to another country for vacation .
there were so many tourists there .
it almost felt like i was back home .
there were some great shows put on with dancing dragons .
we all took turns lighting candles .
the temple was lit up for the evening festival .
chinese dragons moved through the crowds near the temple .
the markets were lit up and had food and drink for sale .
inside the temple the candles were all lit .
the shrine made an impressive centerpiece .
[male] loves to play volleyball , so he has set up a short game with his brother [male] .
as they hit a few back and forth they had a lot of fun .
sometimes it is hard to reach the ball .
some people even fall down while trying to make it over the net .
it is pretty awesome for family to watch and root [male] and his brother on .
[male] likes to be a showoff when we get together for a friendly game of volleyball in the park .
[male] knows this and so he always tries to put [male] in his place by doing something more impressive .
cal on the other hand spends this time practicing his serve for the big match .
in the end it 's always location and [male] who play the hardest and the smartest at the net .
after it 's all said and done all of our wives steal the show anyway .
my brother at the picnic having fun .
volleyball time is coming to a brutal game .
he saved the ball from hitting the ground .
after hitting the ball , he ended up tripping .
a group of us standing around talking .
the family get together was a load of fun .
we went to a local park and played volleyball .
there was no foul play that day .
just a lot of quality volleyball .
some people chose to watch instead of play .
the family was enjoying a picnic .
they played a lot of sports .
they had a big game of volleyball going on .
the team on the right was winning .
time to eat !
the display started with a single firework .
then one that looked like a flower .
then two together .
then 3 fireworks at a time .
then the display slowed down and went back to 2 fireworks .
it was the fourth and time for fireworks .
this is my favorite time of year .
i love watching all the colorful fireworks .
they all came out so pretty this year .
i ca n't wait for the fourth already , so excited for next year .
fireworks usually a sign of celebration .
in the location location , fireworks are traditionally used in two occasions :
the 4th of july , also known as independence day ,
and new years .
regardless of the celebration , fireworks are fun to look at .
went to see the fireworks show in location location last night it was awesome .
see how they look like flowers . i love watching these .
my favorite are these double fireworks and the finale .
what a splash . looks like bombs of electricity .
look at the pretty colors exploding in the sky . almost time for the finale .
the fireworks were purple
and very large .
they were blue
and had all kinds of blasts
that were many colors .
a couple went on a date to the amusement park .
they rode on the ferris wheel .
they also rode on the carousal
they bought a souvenir so they could remember their date .
the park was beginning to close because it was getting late , so they left .
we decided to go to the fair this weekend .
there were so many rides to choose from .
this is my favorite statue , one of the famous duck .
i even got to ride the biggest ride they have .
all in all it was a fantastic time .
an important part of going to the carnival is to try your luck at the various games to win a prize .
for other excitement , you can try your nerve and get on a ride .
if you are into a more relaxed riding experience you can hop aboard a pony at the merry-go-round .
to capture your experience it 's always a good idea to grab a souveneir .
at the end of the night , you get a much needed rest and enjoy the buzz of a carnival .
the carnival at night was a lovely affair .
all along the main strip , rides and games were open for enjoying .
the carousel horses were intricately painted .
souvenirs were available for anyone that wanted to buy a lasting memory .
from outside , the artwork of the festival 's lighting drew the attentions of all nearby .
all the children in town are waiting to go to the fair .
the wonder wheel is always one of the major attractions .
little kids love to ride the merry-go-round .
everybody gets a small souvenir to take back home .
every summer the fair brings lights , colors and joy into town .
with the political unrest in location , there are a few groups organizing to be heard .
this summer 's festival showed us the bright colors of asian culture .
location flags flying high , waving with passion and recognition .
there are many in need of help , and a request to be seen .
i 'm proud these people can share their unrest with free speech in this country !
yanyan is fiercely proud of her tibetan culture .
just thinking about it makes her speechless .
her mom has always taught her to be a proud tibetan and encourages her to stand up and support them .
so they went to a demonstration to prove that they were supportive .
they were there all night and really felt like they made a difference .
everybody was ready to protest .
you could tell how passionate they all were .
signs were held up all throughout the day .
some signs were larger than the others .
the protest lasted long , long into the night .
many people came to the protests .
they came dressed up in tibetan colors .
they waved tibetan flags .
they carried signs to free location .
the protest lasted well into the night .
i joined a rally last week .
it was really colorful and almost looked like a parade .
we held our flags in pride .
we marched to free location .
i hope we made a difference .
[male] took his daughter to the town fair for her birthday .
they rode the bumber cars together and had a ball .
[male] 's was elated when she rode the giant swings .
there was even a huge castle that [male] 's daughter got to go through .
after all of the fun at the fair they went and got a burger and went home for the night .
the lowenbrau building had many interesting characters .
the hamburger was take a little too literally here .
the building was lit up beautifully with the decor .
th pink display fit in perfect at the fair .
the swinging ride was lit up beautifully at night .
my family and i went to a carnival .
we had so much fun on the spinning rides .
this was my favorite ride , it was so fun !
we waited while the kids went on this ride .
at the end of the day we went to this cute restaurant .
our date night at the fair was awesome .
i felt like a kid when we took a spin on the bumper cars .
my boyfriend wanted to ride that , but i decided i wanted to live .
the entrance to the fair was so much grander than i expected .
at the end of the night , we stopped to my favorite burger joint for dinner .
the park is busy and packed with people today .
the rides are super fast i can barely get a picture in time .
the rides looks awesome lit up at nights .
i love this picture and all the different colors .
what an unusual sign this place has .
there were a ton of rides at the fair .
i had a great time there .
some of them looked very dangerous .
the ferris wheel was huge .
the place was amazing .
we went on so many fun rides at the amusement park .
there was the giant swing ride that made everyone nauseated .
the flying ship was thrilling .
bumper cars were fun but i started to regret the number of corn dogs i had eaten .
we capped the day off with a ride on the organization wheel .
we went to the carnival just for the ride that makes you feel like you 're falling from a sky scraper .
we rode some other rides too , including the high swings .
there were several rides , including one that looked like a rocket ship taking off .
the ferris wheel was so beautiful all lit up at night .
we rode the swings ride again so we could see all the lights at night .
those are my adventurous children on that park ride .
i get motion sickness so i happily sat back and took pictures .
i got dizzy just watching this one .
here 's my favorite - the ferris wheel . i 'm not afraid of heights .
my kids love this ride enough to go on it again .
well , it certainly looked scary enough .
that 's what they came for .
thrills .
the largest ferris wheel they had ever seen should be an adventure .
she remembered when she had thought the swings were scary and wondered if she would become desensitized to the other rides .
it was the annual oktober fest .
there were peanuts being sold .
there were also many carnival rides .
there was also cotton candy for sale .
the crowd gathered to have dinner at the festival .
every year the smith family has one special weekend that they really look forward to .
that is the oktober festival every [male] .
there is a variety of delicious foods and drinks .
they go on all of the rides even though they are stuffed on fried food .
and they always end the night with drinking and dancing .
today the community celebrates together at the annual `` oktober fest . ''
they have a bunch of good food .
they have fun rides
and they have cotton candy . what more could one want ?
overall , the day is a great day to spend with friends and family .
i love octoberfest . i had to travel all the way to location just for this .
roasted nuts ? these taste so good .
i will not be getting on that but i will be getting myself a beer .
or i 'll be getting myself a cotton candy which is almost as good as beer .
here is a place where you will get hit in the head with a soft toy hammer , it 's great fun and it 's done for a fun time .
it is oktoberfest !
there is food !
and rides !
and more food !
but mostly , there is beer !
i prepared the hot air balloon .
we were going to take a ride across the country .
it was a lot of fun .
the view was spectacular .
i ca n't wait to go again .
hot air balloons are great , and a wonderful way to see the country side . so last vacation , we took one .
going up in one can be a little nerve wracking unless you are used to it .
but once you are up , the view you get is incredible .
and unlike a plane , you get to take your time and look at everything . a real birds eye view .
if you have never taken a balloon trip , i recommend it . we loved it .
a real american balloon ,
was risen in the air tonight ,
and we got to travel in it .
the view was magnificent .
we had a great time .
balloon enthusiasts prepared to lift off by inspecting their balloon .
once off , the view of the takeoff area became very beautiful .
from above , the balloon looked bright and beautiful .
the countryside was a blanket of greens and golds .
as the crew rose higher , they considered themselves lucky to have such a grand view .
what a great way to spend your evening , on an air balloon !
check out the view ! and we are n't even that high yet !
this is also the most american hot air balloon to boot .
we were so high up now i started to get a little queasy .
though i did n't feel too good the view was just out of this world !
the realtor told us the housing was in great shape ...
well , it was obvious that was a lie .
broken windows , painted columns , messed up floors ... .
those are just a few of the things we encountered ...
when viewing the house .
we decided to repaint the building .
painting the tile would be a challenge .
we decided to walk through the halls to see what else needed to be painted .
it looked like some of the lines need repainting .
there was also a warehouse area that needed painting .
the abandoned building was super creepy , especially in the bathroom .
there were busted out windows .
paint could be seen splattered on the walls .
the walls also looked to be cracked in some places .
previous residents left behind hand prints on the concrete .
we took a look inside the empty building .
the walls where freshly painted and in good structure .
we walked down the empty halls .
it felt kind of creepy at times .
so , we decided to make our way out through the back .
the bathroom was clean
but the windows were not .
the room needed to be redone
and there was tape on the walls
along with handprints .
today was the day .
the trip to the fair .
there was a wheel .
and [male] duck .
did i mention the wheel ?
fall had begun .
but it did not keep the people from coming to the fair .
they rode the ferris wheel all day .
they also rode the swings .
but in the end it was the corn maze that was the most fun .
went to the halloween carnival in location today .
i 've been going to this for years and today i got on this ferris wheel .
wow , this thing looks way too scary . it looks like a transformer throwing people around .
a giant rock this belongs in our city and ads life to this halloween carnival .
prize winning pumpkins . i should have brought one .
there was a pumpkin competition at the fair this year .
it was busy , but not too crowded to get around easily .
the ferris wheel was very colorful .
some people were really brave on some of the rides . i do n't think i could handle some of them .
there was also a corn maze nearby that we went through .
it was time fo the fall festival .
everyone in town was out enjoying the nice cool air .
the ferris wheel was a popular ride .
the slinger was also equally fun .
the corn maze was fun for the kids to get lost in .
it is time for us to go to the local star wars convention .
this is a picture of our best friend in front of the roller coaster .
we are going to the carnival tomorrow .
tonight we are celebrating with friends at a local restaurant .
there is nothing more exciting then going to a convention with your friends and enjoying yourselves .
we all decided that we would check out the new theme park .
at first we were disappointed by the surroundings .
our feeling changed when we ran into some cosplay characters .
later on we went out to eat with friends .
we finished the night with dancing at a nearby club .
[male] and his friends went to an amusement park .
they walked around and enjoyed the sites .
they dressed up as star wars characters for a special photo .
they enjoyed a fabulous meal after .
they ended the night with dancing .
we enjoyed dressing up as our favorite star wars characters .
then , we took a relaxing walk .
we took a ride up high .
we had dinner .
we ended the night with a few drinks .
my friends and i went to a theme park yesterday .
it 's halloween so the trees at the park are pretty bare .
we saw some people dressed up in star wars costumes for halloween .
after the theme park we went to a chinese restaurant .
and by the end of the night we were tired and had quite a few drinks .
the group took a trip to location . they saw a lot of local architecture .
they also went down a beautiful street filled with lanterns .
they also saw some carvings that locals had made .
they also sampled some local cuisine .
after that it was a call home to check on the family .
the asian center was full of culture .
famous icons were present in the form of statues .
food was abundant .
the young especially like to hang here .
the decor was bright and inviting .
we celebrated chinese new year in location .
i love the floating lanterns .
dragons were everywhere .
this was some kind of strange live food .
they still have pay phones in location !
yesterday was chinese new year .
we saw lots of dragons .
we had food from street vendors .
we stopped by a temple .
everything was lit by red paper lamps .
the class went on a field trip to location location today . first we saw an alter for prayer .
the children loved the big dragon on the street .
we ate some pot stickers for lunch .
the kids walked through a museum and stopped for pictures every chance they got .
the sky of the streets in location location are filled with red paper lanterns .
i decided to spend the weekend with good friends and family .
these are some of my cousins .
my family and i are very close .
we even went to location location for the day .
it has the best roller coasters to ride on .
they planned out what they wanted to do on the map .
it would be a long day of walking .
they roller coasters were the best they had every seen .
this roller coaster made them dizzy .
there was time for one last ride before the park closed .
he was in great mood today .
his darling little daughter was with him .
and the love of his life .
a day at the amusement part should be fun .
too bad they could n't ride the roller coaster .
girls are sitting down and quietly enjoying an amusement park together .
other people prefer to walk around the park and seek entertainment where they can find it .
one of the main attractions is a huge rollercoaster .
the rollercoaster has plenty of loops and twists .
in the evening , the rollercoaster becomes a different kind of skyscraper .
the guy did not know what to think
but his daughter was taking a photo .
she smiled
as they were about to ride
the big rollercoaster .
[male] was practicing with his new camera and taking night shots .
by accident he moved the camera while it was capturing the lights .
so he decided to mess around and make some unique photos .
this is actually cars driving down a main street in town .
this one is near a bridge with overhead lights .
i just bought a new lens and wanted to try it out on lights .
i found that the moving lights created spectacular imagery .
i moved the tripod and camera to a new spot and found even more beautiful shots .
i somehow added a black streak and it amplified the imagery .
this was the last shot of the night , i thought it was perfect .
the lights started ,
going off in different directions .
a great combination ,
of red and yellow .
the visual was rather interesting .
in photography , there are different kinds of tricks for certain effects .
some tricks let you capture light at a slow rate to see the movement of light .
this kind of trick lets you see all the different ways the light has moved .
whether the light moves straight forward or bends and waves , the camera will capture it .
using this kind of technique will produce an affect reminiscent of fireworks .
the fireworks were bright
and had orange colors .
they were also red
and yellow
and in many streaks .
the carnival has a wheel .
the elephant states were everywhere .
there was a blue statue .
there was a yellow and green statue .
this one was multi colored .
during our trip to location , we saw some art pieces next to the street . they were elephants painted in different ways !
there were simple ones , like a blue one .
then there more fancier ones , such as the one painted with tree leaves on it .
others were extremely fancy , with lots of abstract designs .
one had what appeared to be pictures of various tropical scenes painted on it . it was very cheerful !
the annual parade of elephants is awesome ,
look at this crazy blue elephant with one eye .
and now we have the kudzu elephant .
next is the elephant of all nations .
this elephant is supposed to look like a montage .
this is a sight we were n't expecting to see in location .
these are hand painted elephants .
they are available to purchase .
the proceeds go to an elephant rescue .
i would 've loved to buy one but they 're too big for the plane ride home .
the family was vacationing .
they want on a art tour around the city .
they saw a collection of elephants .
they were made of clay .
then they were painted .
location location is a prime example of a thrill seeking amusement park . a guest can expect to be entertained here .
one of the highlight attractions is a roller coaster that simulates a motorcycle ride , something unlike any other theme park attraction .
this thrill ride tests a rider 's fear of heights !
no thrilling amusement park would be complete without a roller coaster that does loops .
and if a guest wants to cool off after waiting in line for the roller coasters , the attached water park is another example of thrilling heights and speeds .
a group of friends went to the amusement park .
they rode on one of the roller coasters .
they rode on the ferris wheel .
they got hot , so they headed over to the water park .
after they were cooled down , they went on more rides .
we were so excited to be at the amusement park !
we rode all the best rides first .
i love the rides that flip you unpside down .
we zoomed along over and over again .
then we hit the water park area . what a fun day !
it was time to go to the amusement park !
we started off my going on this rollercoaster .
then we went on this crazy tilting spinning ride .
then another rollercoaster .
followed by this giant water slide . great day at the amusement park .
we spent the day at the amusement park .
the kids were so scared to go on the roller coaster , once they got off though they wanted to go again .
the girls favorite ride was the huge ferris wheel
the boy loved the big waterslide .
we all loved the roller coasters .
the kids eyeballed the largest rollercoaster on the way into the park .
i watched as they continued to watch it on our journey .
however , nothing will ever replace the look on their faces ...
when they were actually inside those seats and ...
flipping , turning and moving upside down .
we got to the theme park during the afternoon .
i noticed the rollercoaster first and had to make it my first destination .
once i was on the ride i had a slight change of heart .
but it was to late !
all i could do was look down and consider all the ways this could go wrong .
i was scared as we approached the rollercoaster .
i saw people going down it .
some people looked scared .
i heard people screaming .
i was terrified as i got strapped in .
an important part of the summer is taking a trip to the local theme park .
the thrill of letting yourself dive , twist and turn on rides makes us feel more alive .
the people who are waiting their turn see the excitement in the eyes of the riders adding to their anticipation .
while on a ride a person has complete ability to let go and enjoy the moment .
the look on the faces will always be the lasting impression of how successful a summer trip to the park was .
i came to knott 's berry farm today just to get on this ride . i 'm scared
here we go , up , and down and up and down .
not so bad , kinda exciting .
woooooahhhh ! ! !
is it over yet ?
i 've always loved boats .
i love big boats .
i really love small boats too .
i love to watch them .
so , piloting a boat was a big deal for me .
i love to go see the boats in the harbor .
there are many different kinds of boats .
they look so majestic in the water .
there are even newer model boats that look so fancy .
i always have such a good time down here !
we came across this ship on our day out and decided to climb aboard .
the mast is way higher than you 'd think ! got ta catch the wind !
you can see the sheer size compared to the surrounding boats .
this ship is a beautiful piece of architecture .
the wood grains and decor make it a cozy ship too !
the boat tours were quite interesting to say the least .
it was weird being on a boat that had n't been used in a long while .
the boats were beautiful however .
they were a popular place for other people to come to as well .
the woodwork was incredible to look at .
dad had been a sailor .
not in the organization , he was a sailor by profession .
now it was in his blood as well .
he loved everything about it .
he was in charge .
there is a concert tonight at a fair .
the guitarists are putting on a good show for the local crowd .
at the fair there are things to do and play .
the lights at the fair are bright and inviting .
the fair has a light show that is free of charge that many people come out to see .
just another heavy metal dream , went to the riverfront festival for summer !
the music was ripe and hot , and much dancing was being had !
the night rolled in , a few beers had been had , and the carousel shone bright with lights and colors .
in location state , we smoked a little marijuana , and watched the carousel spin slowly . wild man , wild .
as we left , we noticed the lights shone red , ominous , telling us it was our time to exit .
i was hired to take a photos of this band playing at the county fair .
the show was fantastic and there even was an encore .
there was even time left in the evening to enjoy the rides .
i got to ride a horse even !
the dome around the geodesic dome exhibit was all lit up .
the music this night was grand .
the guitarist looked like he was happy , he was going to throw his guitar .
the sunset was magnificent .
they decided to ride the ride as the sun went down .
the lights of the dome were calming for them to look at .
the man was singing
and another was playing guitar
as the rides were starting .
the ride lit up
and was pretty in the night .
we went to see the amusement park at the chinese temple this week .
they had some interesting rides !
the atmosphere was amazing and we enjoyed it .
the lights were breathtaking and we could stare at them for hours .
even the temple was lit up from the top to bottom !
it is chinese new year !
we always go to town to ring in the new year .
the city looks so beautiful with all the lights .
it is amazing being here at night .
i had such a great time . happy new year !
we enjoyed the neon lights of the pagoda . very festive !
there are always rides at any festival and this was no exception .
this appears to be a lighted willow tree . fantastic art !
the lighted pagoda from a distance was awe inspiring .
this local gentleman was part of the festival , and looked happy to be there !
it was the holiday season in the city .
the city was filled with lights .
the decorations were big and plentiful .
the celebration was brilliant .
it was truly a magical time .
the japanese fair is always fun .
look at this spinning ride .
the streets are lit up so nice .
and you can go up on a lit boat ride at night .
the whole city gets decorated for this !
today is our tour of the local flower garden . the fountain is still when the birds drink from it .
inside the garden we are met by lots of different varieties of flowers .
this is the most interesting shaped one so far .
we wish we could grow specimens like these in our garden .
as we leave we look at the cherry blossoms and say goodbye .
we took a trip to see the city of arches .
my mom is striking a pose underneath an arch .
the next day we decide to go out by the water and see the sites . first we had to enter the area through a long hallway .
here is me and my sister posing in front of the metal statue on the pier .
a trip to see the golden globe was the last stop for the day .
spending the day in the park , i see two birds perched on the stone ledge in front of a pond .
strange looking figures appear by the trees along the path .
a weird looking but interesting flower grows along the trees .
i bend down to take a picture of a pretty lilac flower on the ground .
i look up to see a group of [female] blossoms along the path .
the family visited a beautiful garden for the day .
they found interesting sculptures near the flowers .
they pointed out interesting and unusual flowers to each other .
they found an orchid shaped like a heart .
they decided to picnic under a cherry blossom tree .
i went to the park today to take some photographs , first i photographed some ducks .
as i was walking , i noticed these strange flowers hanging in the trees that looked like ghosts .
next i photographed a beautiful yellow , green and orange flower , i 've never seen one like it .
the park was full of beautiful purple orchids .
and the cherry blossom trees were fully in bloom
at the zoo we went to the room with all the great jelly fish .
one the way out i saw a ferries wheel up in the distance and i instantly wanted to ride it .
after i had the ride i decided to flamingo , they were very pretty .
the polar bears were such a great thing to see , so great and strong .
the panda bear at the zoo seemed very reclusive and stayed far away .
i went to the fair last week .
after the fair i went for a walk .
i visited the local monuments .
i went back to the bridge .
afterward i went to visit the zoo .
there was a jellyfish exhibit at the zoo
they also had a ferris wheel .
under the wheel were the flamingos .
there was a polar bear .
the panda looked lonely .
there were lots of interesting water creatures to see
we even got to have fun on the huge ferris wheel
on our way , we even got to stop and see the flamingos !
looks like it was the polar bears time for a bath .
and last we got to see the little panda taking his nap .
the park 's zoo now has a sea life exhibit . here 's a beautiful jellyfish .
i could see the park ferris wheel from the zoo .
the flamingos were so peaceful and elegant .
the polar kept pacing back and forth in his enclosure .
i read that this panda might be pregnant . ca n't wait to see her baby .
this is [male] and [female] who have been together for 5 years .
[male] wants to propose to her at 4:30 because they met in front of this clock tower at that time .
afterwards he wants to take her on this ferris wheel to celebrate .
he would like to have the ceremony here .
[female] has said many times this would be her dream place for a wedding .
location is a wonderful place to sight see .
i had seen the location eye on tv and in movies , but it is much more impressive in real life .
and the location location is just absolutely beautiful .
we had to go back to the eye to catch this shot just at sunset .
and we also got to catch the fading rays of the sun bouncing off organization organization .
while on vacation in location , we got to see big [male] .
we also got to see the [female] eye . beautiful man made structure at sunset .
location in the coming twilight is very pretty .
the [female] eye with the setting sun behind it is fantastic .
the old english architecture is something to behold .
we moved along the city starting at big [male] .
we walked around the river and looked at the ferris wheel .
the city itself was amazing .
but i was intrigued by the ferris wheel , it was much bigger then i thought it would be .
we continued on , passing a few state buildings .
it 's a quiet evening in location .
big [male] silently tells the time in a clear sky .
other landmarks stand tall as the sun slowly fades into twilight .
the weather is clear and provides a wide view .
in other places , landmarks are visible from the shelter of trees .
i stopped in a small town on my road trip .
there were many statues there .
the hotel was very nice .
i saw lot of historic landmarks .
the courthouse was very impressive .
the statue was holy .
the church has interesting windows .
the cross on the top o the church really inspired .
organization was a cool company .
this building was also interesting .
historical cities are very interesting places .
the sculptures and gardens around this city are very peaceful .
the buildings are unique and reflect a rich history .
the architecture of the city is artsy
and regal . you do n't see much of that being made anymore .
this historical place ,
had a great amount of old sculptures ,
and many other items .
the garden was a treat ,
so we stayed outside for some time .
site seeing in the downtown over the weekend .
statues in the park .
taking photos of the local buildings .
lunch in the park .
finally photos of the local architecture .
[female] looked out of her window on the plane , excited for her big trip .
even the plane wings looked foreign and beautiful .
the airport was equally stunning .
she walked the street trying to find her hotel .
she settled in for the night tired but excited for her day tomorrow .
we headed off on our plane ride to our vacation .
the interior sky dome in this location was amazing .
the old historic buildings were filled with character .
the large church seemed to be glowing just before dawn .
the downtown streets were lined with people enjoying themselves .
beautiful sun set as we landed .
the first place we went to see was the government building with the glass dome ceiling .
outside , the square was a good size square .
we then went to see the famous church .
the inside was huge .
on my way to location .
i love to fly but can not look out the window very long .
here i am at the airport waiting for my ride . what a beautiful place this is .
here i go in this big world all alone . i think i 'm gon na like this .
the nightlife here is so pretty and amazing looking . all around me is beauty .
we took off to our destination .
i got the window seat on the flight .
when we landed we immediately started exploring .
the city was huge and would take a while to get through .
we walked around all day and enjoyed some of the night as well .
the torkelson family went to the zoo .
mama , and the littlest girl had fun together .
the littlest kids went with uncle [male] to the aquarium .
then they rode the camel .
[female] and [female] , the twins , had fun jumping up and down .
we had a lot of fun at the park .
we brought some of our own entertainment .
it is hard being seen while hiding behind a big tree .
looks like some of the animals got loose .
this looks a little dangerous , she had better be careful .
we took the kids out for a fun day at the zoo !
our little one was overjoyed at all of the animals .
this little guy was intrigued but a little scared at the same time .
everyone loves a carousel though and these kids are no exception .
it 's always fun to take a break from the zoo animals and play a while .
they decided to take the kids to the day camp .
her daughter was a little nervous but she coaxed her to go play with the others .
her husband took their youngest boy to see one of the camp exhibits .
several of the children sat on a rhino sculpture and pretended to ride it .
at the end of the day two little girls jumped as high as they could to show how much fun they had at the camp .
the family was happy
that the child was smiling .
they took many photos
of the kids playing
and even on the rocks .
wow , we could not believe the price of this old book . [male] is trying to pick a gift out for me .
and my stalkers are back . i 'm not sure why they keep following me .
freezing my butt off ice skating . i only fell twice ! off to dinner .
organization organization organization be very jealous . best birthday dinner ever !
here i go , lets hope i do n't lose my dinner ,
the group all went out to lunch together .
then they took a walk through the cobblestone streets .
they checked out some of the amazing food .
everyone had a great time together .
they ended the evening with a group ice skating trip .
we did some window shopping while we were walking through town .
we were suddenly feeling like we were being followed , so we did the spy move of pretending to take a selfie to see who was behind us . maybe it was n't so sneaky after all .
we caught this photo by accident while we were rushing to try and make it to the restaurant on time for our reservations .
the food was absolutely to die for , and i am so glad that we got the chef 's tasting menu .
after our meal we went back outside only to find that the city had transformed into a wonderland of lights from all of the vibrant signs that were now turned on .
window shopping is fun , even when you ca n't afford it .
we could n't buy much so quickly left for a walk .
we love to ski at night . everything is light up and a green light shines over everythin .
we ate in a nice resteraunt . it was yummy .
the carnaval was amazing .
we did a lot during the holidays . first , we went window shopping .
then , we walked around town and took in the sights .
we went to a nice restaurant .
then we had a special dinner and dessert .
then we went on the organization wheel . we had a great time !
it was my first time traveling out to the harbor .
it is a busy harbor and boats were in and out all day .
the city and harbor have a long history as noted by various monuments and statures .
the harbor is for boating only ; we could n't swim there .
luckily , we ended the day at a nearby amusement park .
it was such a nice day by the beach we decided to walk around the town .
we went to the organization organization and got to see many people walking about .
the organization wheel ride was very fun and it was enjoyable to see the area from high above .
when we got to the boating area , we were not allowed to swim or dive .
towards the end of the day we were walking around and saw that the city was founded in 1820 .
a journey to the pier , historic sights and sounds galore .
we took time to sit off the edge and stare at the boats , imagining what life would be like if we owned one of them .
the statues were amazing to see , and the history was almost palpable .
before too long , it was evening , and we were turning to go in . we considered taking a dip , but that seemed like too much .
we did take a quick trip on the ferris wheel , though , before hopping into the car and running home .
[male] took a vacation at the beach .
he drove around to explore the area .
when he found a ferris wheel , he knew he had to ride it .
he wanted to go swimming in the bay , but it was not allowed .
he enjoyed his vacation and learning more about the city he was visiting .
when the men arrived to the marina they were greeted with this large anchor sculpture .
the marina itself was tourist free , and only shared the space with some brave seagulls .
the men decided to throw their crab pots in the water , right next to this sculpture , it seem liked a good place !
while waiting on crab pots , they chuckled at this sign , wondering who would actually be silly enough to swim here .
after crabbing for a few hours , they decided to end their day at the ferris wheel and boardwalk .
we went on a citytrip to location this weekend .
we saw many interesting buildings and were able to enter some of them .
this is the inside of the palace , everything is gorgeous .
this is the ceiling above us , it 's painted , it must have taken ages !
we finished our day with a few more outdoor shots before going on our way .
we took a vacation to location in the winter time .
we made sure to see all of the architecture .
some of these churches were just so beautiful , we were in awe .
the night time www perfect too . it was n't too cold for more sightseeing .
we finally took our last pictures in front of this great monument .
went to paris and first place i went , that 's right , the eiffel tower .
night life in location is exciting , i 'm headed for coffee .
at a church , these european churches are so exquisite .
the roof on this church took years to design .
here is the outside of the church . in the evening it looks spooky .
we started off at the eiffel tower .
then headed to th large buildings around it .
the state house was massive !
you would look up and just get dizzy .
we took pictures of the architecture and moved on .
on a trip to location we saw the location location .
we stopped by the location location location and it was incredible .
the l'htel national des invalides was also amazing .
it was so huge we took a ton of pictures .
the sacr-cur basilica was our last stop for the day because it was getting too late .
a trip into town is a lot of fun .
but you have to remember to get gas ,
the casino was empty .
the hardcore cafe was a lot of fun .
nighttime at the casinos is a good time .
for my birthday surprise , i was heading to location location !
our first stop was at the location location location for some history , good music , and tasty food ,
we was staying at the coolest casino on the strip .
there were many slot machines for each money denomination .
on my way out of the casino , i stopped to play one last machine and won lots of money !
today the group is off to visit a famous city that flourishes in the middle of the desert .
welcome to location location ! the city here is very hot and so is the entertainment .
the hotels and buildings are very flashy to attract tourism .
the biggest part of location location is the gambling
where fortunes are won and lost every day .
many cars move and wait in the city 's busy traffic .
gas signs beacon those that need it .
within the city , slot machines and other forms of gambling wait .
on the streets , lights and displays are dazzling .
some lights attract and dazzle people from quite a bit away .
we were on the road and ready to have a great time !
the gas was expensive , but we did not care !
it was time to hit the casino and have a blast !
this is such a beautiful guitar !
we then enjoyed the wonderful night scene !
the band was ready for the music festival .
[male] , the lead guitarist , was sure it would be their big break .
jory , the base player , just wanted to rock .
[male] , the drummer , was a little nervous .
the band was going to debut two new songs .
my buddy rob has a band in the making . they practice in his garage . he wanted me to take pictures .
this is rob at the helm of the drums . he 's actually pretty decent .
[male] is the guy with the pipes , and he 's the lead most times . adequate on the guitar . lead mostly .
rob was proud of his new amp , and wanted to show it off at this recent practice .
[male] is the rhythm guy . he does it just right .
my friend 's band came out on stage first .
the lead singer was very intense .
the lead guitarist really rocked it out .
the drummer was very energetic .
my friend and his band put on a great show .
we were playing a gig today .
suddenly the lights got really dim .
we asked them to fix it and they ended up getting way too bright .
we were all a little confused by this lighting situation .
eventually it got dark again , which was better than extreme brightness , so we dealt with it .
the band was having band practice today .
they were making sure all their equipment was working .
the guitarists were tuning their guitars .
the drummers were making sure the drums were working correctly .
they were finally ready to rock out .
[male] and his friend [female] of arc decided to go for a stroll . later , a church made stained glass images of this .
[male] and [female] wandered off in that story panel , although i could n't help admire the stained glass work elsewhere in the church .
i noticed what looked like [female] leading a little one with some kind of saint . curious .
then in another corner , a pretty gem of stained glass , matching the shape of a prior window .
i stared into the beauty , meditating on my existence , and the nature of god . worth it .
i went to the church last weekend .
there were a lot of people there .
the windows were very beautiful .
i had a great time taking pictures of them .
they had a lot of detail .
the stained glass in the old cathedrals was a great surprise on our vacation .
the masters of glass did a superb job here .
stained glass is a great art form and very colorful .
the subtle light that the glass lets in always provides comfort .
even though colorful , it is subtle and cozy .
[female] and [female] took a trip to their churches to compare the stained glass in each one .
[female] is really proud of this one showing flowers in her church .
[female] loves to show off this one .
they both compare this one to the one in marys church .
last they take a good long look at these large windows in sues church .
the quality of the stained glass art was amazing .
these flowers graced a small area .
this scene depicted an angel and a child .
here is another close-up of the flowers , which looks like a cross .
these panels look like a fine mosaic door .
my girlfriend and i set out on a trip to visit a very old building in our town .
after taking her picture next to the bridge she decided to take mine , much to my decline , but in the end i accepted .
as soon as we got to the front of the building i had to get a photo , the large arches visible even from a long distance away .
once inside the guide directed our attention to the inside of the arch , it 's detail giving away just how much work went into the building .
as if the inside was n't cool enough as we were walking out i noticed that the sidewalk too had it 's own unique design .
a group of friends took a road trip to a casino .
they played on the slot machines .
after winning money , they continued to play on other slot machines .
they went out for dinner afterwards .
they headed to the bar to finish out their night .
took a trip to location , right here is the location location .
see location behind me ?
this is a huge church we found while walking around .
look at how exquisite the building is .
the ground is very old and everything here looks so amazing .
a picture of myself along the river with location in the background .
a picture of my boy friend along the river with location in the background .
what a breathtaking building , i loved it .
look at the wonderful art work .
grass growing alongside the cracks .
you see how thrilled i was with our location visit .
my turn with camera as my husband poses with big [male] .
the architecture was very old and truly amazing .
i 've never seen anything like it at home .
everything is so green in location . even the weeds in the sidewalk .
it is almost time for christmas .
the decorations in the city were already set up .
they light up every night in different colors and flash on and off .
even the trees were scattered with light .
it was truly beautiful and it got everyone into the christmas spirit .
christmas is a very special time in our town .
every year they set up a special christmas display .
this year they went all out .
they decided to build the display inside a round train track .
i bought us all train tickets to see the display , it was a perfect viewing spot .
this was a huge christmas display i saw .
it was changing colors with a song that was playing .
there were lots of different colors and patterns being used .
here you can see that the tree is completely off during a slow part .
the song eventually ended and the lights were all static after that .
the kids wanted to go see the lights in the park for christmas .
the tree was multicolored this year .
the blue lights on some of the bare branches brought out the other colors .
the kids wanted to know why the christmas tree went out .
they noticed the second tree with the red at the bottom and decided they liked it the best .
regardless of what holiday it is , they always leave these lights here .
and it 's always fun to walk through here and just be in awe of how beautiful it is .
the christmas tree is 3 stories tall !
i go out on walks at night through here every other week .
i sometimes sit here on this bench and watch the lights flicker on and off . it 's really peaceful .
we went to a meeting today .
there where a lot of people there .
the speaker was very well organized .
we went to eat afterwards .
it was a very productive day .
what 's in the can ?
who cares when i can look out the roof .
i even did it twice .
this guy could n't be bothered to get too close to the computer .
so we stared at the wall instead of listening to him .
yesterday was a tough day at school .
we had to do group presentations .
ours went horribly .
we cheered ourselves up by going to the pub
and watching the game .
i started my day by having a dorm meeting .
then i had to go to class and take notes .
my professor was talking about economics today ,
my friends and i went to the bar after class .
we all watched the game together .
the students are listening to the lecture .
some students have laptop computers to take notes on .
the professor is showing his power point slides of the lecture .
after the lecture , several students decide to go to the cafe next door .
at the cafe , they watch the football game on tv .
i took my kids to the amusement park last week .
we had a great time there .
it was packed .
i had a great time . there were a ton of rides .
we bought some souvenirs there .
the girls and [male] riding in the the park .
a view of a small section of the park near the entrance .
a large roller coaster and ferris wheel at the park .
everyone has to get a turkey leg while at location location .
the rides lit up in the early part of the evening .
the family gathers together for a fun filled day and a selfie .
we joined the masses already there .
ca n't wait to start riding rides !
and ca n't forget the annual turkey leg contest .
all lit up . i love the colors !
the family was on vacation at location and took a selfie on the monorail .
it was a clear sunny day and they were relieved to see the park was n't too crowded .
they rode some rides , including a roller coaster .
they visited the gift shop and the dad insisted on buying a silly t shirt .
they went back outside after shopping and were in awe at how beautiful the park looked all lit up against the darkening sky .
the family took a trip to organization organization .
they arrived on such a beautiful day .
then they walked with the crowd to the park .
after that they came to the rides inside the park .
then they bought some souvenirs from the shops .
the ticket booth was just ahead ; we were going to get into the carnival !
we got a slice of pizza to fortify ourselves for the rides .
then , it was off to the ferris wheel !
we rode the roller coaster and managed to keep our insides , inside .
all the cars in the parking lot were gone , when we were ready to leave .
we went down to the beach to enjoy some sun .
afterwords we decided to hit the boardwalk to find some food .
we found a pizza place and all of us got a slice .
then in the distance we saw a rollercoaster !
so we got in line and rode it . it was the best day ever .
walking on the dock was very entertaining .
there we 're many other beach people there .
we had to get pizza for lunch .
on our way home , we scouted a new coaster .
the design is so interesting .
going to the fair this year was what i was looking forward to .
we stopped and got some pizza . i was so impressed with the pie that i had to take a pic of their sign .
we saw the ferris wheel from a distance from the fair . it made me get so hyped .
this is us going up the roller coaster . it was so much fun , but i got a bit sick from it .
the walk home . there was no one on the road when we decided to leave . i was sad but i know there will be a next year .
we spent a good hour walking on the boardwalk .
later that day we went into the city to find something to eat .
we decided on pizza .
afterward , we went straight to the amusement park .
in retrospect maybe immediately going for a roller coaster ride was n't smart .
the market was exotic to walk around and view .
there were flowers near the market with beautiful colors .
the sign indicated we had made it to the market .
later that night a [female] jam concert was awesome .
the organization the next day was just what was needed .
we went to seattle
and stayed in a hotel
we saw pearl jam
it was incredible
those guys jam
we arrived in the city and headed to the hotel .
we got our room and headed back out .
the city was beautiful at night .
we gathered with the masses for a show .
we watched it and continued our night .
we took a trip to the world famous pike place market .
we stocked up on a lot of fresh fruits , vegetables , and meats .
when we got hot and wanted to take a break , we stood under the shade and enjoyed some fresh drinks .
later that night we went to the [female] jam concert and enjoyed the live performance .
we stayed out all the way till morning and went to the nearest organization to get some pick me up drinks .
the tower was tall
but inside there was a tv .
they were near pj 's
and the pj sign was large .
they saw many lights .
today there was a field trip for all the little kids at the local school .
the kids wanted to ride all the big rides but it was a safety issue .
the kids wanted to play on the beach , it was so close .
after the beach they got to walk down the board walk and see all the great rides , shops and people .
father down the board walk they could n't help but wanting the coaster , it was awesome .
the children were on a field trip .
[female] was having a lot of fun .
she wanted to ride the organization wheel .
the boardwalk looked like so much fun .
their teacher said they would all go there later .
today the school visited the pier .
the pier was like a fair .
however , it was on the beach !
there were a bunch of rides and shops to visit and have fun .
the crowd favorite was of course the rides . the kids had a great time .
youth trips are an important part of the education process .
however , who said that learning had to be only what comes out of books .
the learning process can take many forms . including forms that are fun and educational at the same time
getting outside the walls of a school often fosters creativity once hidden by routine .
at the end of the day each learning experience could always include a fun time at a boardwalk carnival .
field trip day with a lot kids going to the beach , with a carnival to visit also .
the ferris wheel that we are in line to ride on .
after riding some rids , we head to the beach to swim and make sandcastles .
a look at some of our group on the dock .
another fun ride that some of the kids are waiting for .
i walk to work at the huge sattelite dish most days .
it stands out in the fiend , a giant listening and speaking tool .
it 's a beautiful walk in , with bunnies all about .
i work as a guard and handyman for the dish .
in my spare time , which i get a lot of at this job , i carve bald eagles .
we went to the space audio center
they use billion dollar equipment to listen to space
sometimes they hear stuff
and then they investigate
the wooden falcon out front signifies division
it was a nice walk we had today ,
we went by a giant satellite dish ,
and saw some wild bunnies .
it just rotated all day ,
many parts of the park had sculptures .
he was all about getting to the great outdoors .
he enjoyed the smell of fresh cut grass .
wildlife .
it 's too bad technology was there too
he longed for a reversal so to speak , he had n't seen an organization organization organization , ever , at least not a real one and he knew it was due to all the pollution , all the advances in technology had certainly taken a toll .
it was time to see some great sites outdoors !
this satellite was beautiful up close !
it was so huge and glorious to watch !
this was a gigantic satellite !
what a beautiful and amazing way to end our trip !
i won tickets to go to location location !
after spending a few hours wondering the strip i decided it was time to go gamble .
walking past a random casino i felt it in my gut to try my luck in there .
i spent a few hours spinning the slots and tried my hand at roulette .
by the time i left the casino i was up $ 400 , needless to say this was the best trip ever .
i went to the casino last week .
there were a lot of resorts nearby .
i spent most of my time gambling .
i also walked around to the other casinos .
they were all very similar .
location location is a very exciting city .
it 's in the middle of the desert , but the culture is far from dry .
the city is known for its big casinos
where fortunes are won and lost every day .
i guess that 's why they say `` what happens in location , stays in vegas . ''
a man took a trip to location location .
when he got there , he became enthralled by all the bright lights .
he immediately decided to try his luck at a casino .
he tried the slot machines first , but was n't having much luck .
he decided to call it a night and go watch a show instead .
the couple arrived in location .
they went to their hotel to check in .
then they drove around the city .
there were so many lights and exciting things .
the town was live in action .
it was [male] and [female] 's two year anniversary and they were excited to celebrate it .
they loved each other a lot and paused to capture the moment .
they started seeing some strange people .
they realized that they were somewhere they had n't really meant to be .
so they left to go somewhere a little more romantic .
the festival was underway .
there were colors all around .
the flea circus was in town .
the characters were interacting with the crowd .
it made for a fun afternoon .
at the flea circus today , this is one great time .
here we are , ready to have fun and blend with the culture .
these two are priceless beauties .
everyone wants peace here , no rioting , no fighting just a good time with peace and love .
this was a band going around the whole event .
ahh , the sights and sounds of it .
they had to get a selfie .
do n't forget to snap a pic of the mermaids .
and the young hippies .
his father had been a hippie .
we went to our towns annual circus today .
it was such a grand event , people look for to this day every year .
they have so much to do there and so many things to see .
very weird people there that do side shows . it 's so cool !
there were all kinds of things to see !
our town hosted a carnival and the officials change the drinking in public rules .
local musicians would happily play your favorite songs for a donations .
the organization organization makes me feel dizzy just watching it go .
we even had battle of the bands competition .
the street boasted many different vendors will from normal foods to exotic .
what ? no alcohol in public . guess i better down my beer .
wow , what i could do with that tall girl . wonder if she 'd be mad if i messed up her makeup .
the concert is starting . ca n't even drink during it though .
looks like some drunk idiot got hurt and they had to call the fire dept ... haha .
oh yes , i have the munchies ... how did you know .
we spent the day on the pier enjoying the festivities .
the street musicians are always great entertainment .
the ferris wheel looming against the cloudy sky gave us pause though .
a local band performed for the crowd . they were great .
who does n't enjoy carnival food ? it 's nearly always fun and flavorful !
we knew the rules of the park .
our first stop was to watch a street performer .
then off to ride the ferris wheel .
the concert was amazing .
we topped the day off with a treat .
[female] and i went to a local culture festival .
there were tons of interesting street performers .
there were also a few carnival rides to go on .
they even had some great bands playing .
to top it all off we got ice cream
my girlfriend [female] is the most beautiful girl on earth .
i take pictures of her all day long .
we walk around the city , looking for lovely spots to highlight her beauty .
but even industrial boring spots look wonderful with her near them .
i feel sorry for every other man in the world for not having [female] for their own .
yoshiko wants to be a model
she went to location to do some test shots
she is a natural
her photographer is pleasantly pleased
she is going to be successful
beauty is often a timeless endeavor .
it 's important to have a photogenic model as well as the proper camera and equipment to make sure each photo is raised to its potential
a photographer has to experiment with many different poses and angles .
once the shot is right they capture that moment and it becomes timeless .
at the end , nobody will know what you went through to get that perfect picture . they will just see the photo and know how great it was .
the girl was getting her senior pictures done .
she was very excited to be graduating .
she took some pictures outside .
she found a pretty spot to pose on .
then they moved inside .
i decided to do a photo shoot to get some more pictures for my portfolio .
i showed the model a picture i had just taken to give her some feedback .
here , i am practicing with forced perspective between the sidewalk , trees and model .
in this picture , i like how i played with the varying angles and lines of the stairs and the models legs .
this is just a nice shot using the background in a smart way while still focusing on the model .
we went sight seeing this week on vacation .
there were many interesting buildings to be seen .
we liked the colors and size of this casino . we did n't go inside since we are n't gamblers .
this sign caught our eye , it was interesting ang big !
this is an ancient chinese gate we saw on the way back to the hotel .
when we went to the city , we saw a lot of great architecture .
this building was so beautiful !
this building was newer , but built in an old style .
the carving on this building was so detailed !
i loved seeing this building all lit up at night .
we found great photo ops on our outing . the city across the water is a great view .
this old building lit up with modern day lights almost seems a conflict of itself .
a lot of people come to admire the cityscape .
the old architecture is certainly something we appreciated on our outing .
the lights at night always give the city a different feel .
they were almost there .
they had come by ship .
what an interesting city .
the city of chan .
it was a dream destination .
i traveled to the city and looked at the water .
there was a historic building .
everyone stood outside and observed it .
there were many buildings to see .
we stayed at a beautiful motel when it stated to get dark .
they could n't help themselves , they had to ride the bumper cars ...
however , she was a terrible driver !
she then forced him on the tea cups ...
where he seemed to get a little queasy .
but , neither would ride the ferris wheel .
i love bumper cars .
the kids had fun .
they crashed a lot .
then this ride .
it was like the teacups .
the bumper cars are always my favorite thing to do when i 'm at a carnival .
having a partner in crime makes it that much more fun .
this ride can really make you dizzy if you know how to spin it .
the wind is blowing overtime on this ride .
the ferris wheel is a good ride to go on in the evening .
the kids were in bumper cars
and were having a ton of fun .
they looked around
and liked what they were seeing .
the ferris wheel was huge .
when i was a kid there was nothing i loved more than bumper cars .
it was one of the only times that i did n't fight with my sister .
my sister is pretty dominant and never let me have the steering wheel , but it was still fun .
we would always end our day at the carnival by riding the teacups .
my sister finally yielded to me and let me pick the blue teacup .
most americans have never been to location . they are missing a very lot .
there is no place on earth with more ancient treasures , like these statues .
the beauty of so many buildings is astonishing .
the geometric patterns are wonderful .
and of course , there are oriental rugs . this one is guarded by metal robots !
the art of location is amazing .
these are statues of past rulers , they are incredibly detailed .
this is a replica of one of their ships from long ago .
this building showcases some of their architectural prowess .
the tapestry hung on this wall must have taken a very long time to weave .
the location museum
had a nice array of objects .
the ceiling had great designs ,
and in multiple rooms ,
it displayed their culture .
we visited a persian museum on our trip .
i learned so much about the history of that culture .
the museum itself was very impressive .
location has a unique style all its own and the patterns are beautiful .
such a long history and rich culture .
the man was visiting an art museum .
there were a lot of interesting statues .
there was also miniatures .
the mini building was so detailed .
the art museum trip was a success .
people were on there way to have fun .
there was a fair going on and they wanted to attend .
in the fair there happened to be a religious guy spouting his views .
there was a lovely ferris wheel people could ride on in the fair .
the fair was in a beautiful city as night descended .
everyone took a trip to location location .
and then stopped to get some food .
and checked out a local street fair .
the city was gorgeous at night .
they ended the evening with a beautiful carousel ride .
[male] took a trip to the city .
he went to a festival where many people were eating the tasty food .
he also saw a man preaching to the crowd .
there were rides , such as a farris wheel .
as the day came to an end , the skyline of tall buildings looked beautiful against the sky .
today i ventured downtown .
it 's not often i see huge buildings
and protesters on the same block .
i also forgot we had an amusement park .
i stayed until early evening .
the streets are busy with people walking to the local fair .
this woman is trying the food at the fair .
there are many people walking around , there are even people protesting at the fair .
one of the favorite rides there is the ferris wheel .
the fair is over at night , but the lights of the city buildings are still on .
yesterday i went sightseeing with my family .
my brother was being silly jumping in the air .
my sister decided to join him . they both were having a good time .
my cousin decided to pose like a statue .
we had fun visiting the boat dock and watching all the amazing fish the fisherman caught .
the oldest brother came up with a fun idea for family pictures .
the sister agreed it was a great idea and her photograph in the field showed a lot of personality .
the younger brother was being silly as always .
after the pictures were done they headed into the city .
the siblings met up with a few friends they had n't seen in years .
we took a short trip out to the fields to take pictures of some flowers .
we had more fun than we thought we would .
everybody was having a great time taking so many pictures .
from there we thought we would continue with our adventures and go to the pier .
we went to the pier and took many pictures of the boats there as well .
recently our family took a trip to location to see some family members . location is so beautiful !
much of the landscape is different than people imagine .
aside from some of the crowded cities , there is beautiful countryside as well .
but , my favorite part of the trip was any time we got to spend near the water .
i wonder if these cool boats can be shipped back to the location location ? i wish ; i 'd love to have one .
[male] was trying to take the best photo for his senior year photos .
he took a lot of interesting ones to be put in the yearbook .
he was very creative with his photos and eventually sent them in .
he was so happy they were all accepted and he even won a picture contest !
the prize was this amazing boat , which [male] uses to fish
the family is sitting down on the grass at the park to watch the fireworks display .
the fireworks are supposed to be choreographed to music this year .
the father tells his daughter that in his country fireworks are called fire flowers .
the colors and displays definitely justify the name .
the family watches the display and our happy at the colorful lights .
fireworks are pretty .
there were white ones .
and there were multi color ones .
and then there were some blue ones .
and then some pink ones too !
the fourth of july fireworks are very famous in the city .
they start out with synchronized explosions .
they continue to get bigger and better as the night goes on .
towards the end of the show , the fireworks become even more spectacular .
the fireworks finale lights up the night sky .
as the fireworks went into the sky , the family waited for the finale to start .
as the fireworks started to explode , the people watched in awe .
the crowd started to cheer as most of the fireworks exploded .
with three large booms , the crowd began to applaud .
with the final boom , the sky was lit red .
did you see the lightening behind the fireworks
i have always loved firework displays
the big ones make beautiful designs in the sky
how much time do you think it takes to put this together
the entire sky is full
we went to a convention for sports attire .
there where a lot of different displays .
and a lot of different uniforms .
lots of sports equipment as well .
everyone there where helpful and informative .
there were a ton of people at the baseball convention yesterday .
there were many different kinds of merchandise available for sale .
i spent a long time looking at all of the various tables .
i enjoyed chatting with the people at those tables .
afterward everybody got together for photos .
i 'm glad to be at the global hitman convention .
this is the sweet hitman clothing line . see the quality of material used .
this is the full shebang . everything a hitman needs to look sharp .
okay , lady ! i was hooked by the brand name . and the slogan `` hit hard for less , '' was genius . i 'm sold . give me one of everything .
me and some of my fellow co-workers meeting up after a long time apart .
prior to the conference starting , there was a brief mingling period .
the jackets and jersey 's were all ready for the newly acquired players .
in addition , there was a showcase of shoes , and various items , so that interested individuals could purchase .
the seller was networking with a potential client .
the owner 's of the team pose on their big day .
the press conference was soon and i was not yet dressed .
i went to a local store to find appropriate clothing .
i also had to find shoes and socks .
after i was appropriately dressed i helped set up the panels .
we got to meat the heads of the company and i even became a partner !
when we were on vacation , we found lots of things to do .
we went to an amusement park , and we rode on the plane ride .
later , we rode on the roller coaster .
we also found a pirate adventure place .
we went to see the wax sculptures , too .
the crowd was kicking that night
it was a great day to be alive
the light lit up the night sky
there was so much to see at the park
the people loved the roller coaster
i like to ride coasters that go upside down .
the rides here are really fun .
some are mellow .
this fun house was a bit scary .
i will definitely come back .
he was n't infatuated with amusement parks like she was .
for him it was obligatory .
strictly to please her .
he found them rather juvenile .
why could n't she like the things he did ?
it was time for a fun time at the carnival !
the rides at the carnival were scary , but fun !
this ride took our breaths away !
there was so much beauty in this place !
we all had so much fun by the end of the day !
since our little girl was sick mommy took extra protection to make sure she did n't catch anything .
shortly after getting the clear from the doctors she removed her mask to pose for this picture .
after meeting with the doctor and posing for the picture we meant with my wife 's sister who was the head of the hospital nursery .
after meeting up my wife 's sister took our daughter to do a picture for the hospital .
when the day was over with my wife attempted to mimic this funny statue that she found in the nursery .
does it really take 9 months to make a baby , mom ?
ca n't we just steal this one ?
[male] does n't look so sure he 'd like to be stolen .
sister makes a distraction while mom wheels the baby stroller out the door .
safe at her hideout , mom can remove her mask and cuddle her stolen baby .
took [male] to the childrens museum today .
we posed for our first picture in front of the giant rose .
and mingled with the others .
we watched some work in action .
and then cut up with some of the cartoon figures .
the two young women are looking forward to start the day .
the young child is curious to explore her world .
they walk around inside to check out the scene .
the teacher demonstrates to the girl how to be creative .
a silly pose is taken next to a funny statue .
the family took a trip through location .
they visited a children 's museum in the city .
then took a lot of pictures to remember their day .
the kids got to make art work .
then they found a cartoon statue .
a day at the beach .
spending some time at the boardwalk .
funnel cakes are good .
then a ride on the rides .
the tilt-a-whirl will be a good time .
the moment i arrived at the beach i had to step in the sand .
when i looked o the right i noticed there was no one close by to take my picture .
i dipped my toe in the ocean and it was o cold to the touch .
after the beach i walked up upon a ride and i was so scared of the look of it .
after the great day i had i just ha to stop to get some awesome funnel cake .
we spent the day on the pier . the view of the ocean was fantastic .
we visited a lot of colorful vendors on our day out .
who does n't love a funnel cake when visiting a festival ?
the rides are always great fun on the pier .
we rode the tilt a whirl which reminds us of our childhood .
a family decided to go to the beach .
they stopped at some shops nearby .
they saw a sign for funnel cakes and decided that is just what they needed to start the day off right .
after they ate , they went on some rides .
once they got on the tilt-a-whirl , they wished they had n't eaten all those funnel cakes .
we visited the beach ,
however since it was a cold rainy day ,
we stopped in for some funnel cakes .
we also jumped on rides .
ca n't forget how hard it was to keep our food down .
i am extremely pleased that i came here for vacation .
every part of this town in location is beautiful . especially the hotel i 'm staying in .
the bar has a elaborate lighting set up on the ceiling .
even though my hotel is beautiful , i decided to explore the area at night . absolutely breathtaking .
on my route , i found another classy bar i can sit down and have a good drink in .
every year we took this bridge to go to a wonderland of christmas lights .
the grass was lit on each sides of the road leading into town .
buildings were decorated in thousands of sparkly lights .
they even had the lights to create stars .
when we got to the end of the street , we had to pull over because daddy had a headache .
my husband trying to get a good view of what is going on .
a view of the outside of the hotel that we stayed at .
beautiful lights that they have hung up outside .
we took a nice long quite walk at night .
we got hungry , so we ended up at a restaurant .
i was drinking some liquor the other night feeling pretty tipsy , so i decided to amble back to my apartment .
the building was decorated in christmas lights , so it was like a beacon to guide me in .
all of the sudden , i started feeling dizzy . the lights started spinning over my head !
i came to in front of another building , not sure how i got there !
i decided to duck into the closest bar , ordered a water , and waited till i felt more sober .
we all decided to go out on the town for the night
the city was well lit up and beautiful .
the lights were absolutely stunning .
everywhere we went looked amazing .
and the bar we chose was nice and laid back . great experience .
the wheel ride was fun .
there was lots of food at the faire .
i could eat this whole pig .
then back to the wheel ride .
the day ended with a look at this building .
the store front was in view .
we stopped for nuts .
they had a great variety .
then we rode the ferris wheel .
our last stop was the mock castle for photos .
i went to the local fair today .
they had an amazing selection of concessions .
they were even roasting a whole pig for dinner .
the ferris wheel was huge , but i 'm scared of heights so i did n't get on .
everyone was gathered for the pig feast when dinner time came around .
it was time for a great adventure at the carnival !
there was so much to do , see and eat at this place !
this is one of the awesome scenes you ca n't find anywhere else !
the ferris wheel was a classic form of fun !
we had an absolute blast at the carnival !
the ferris wheel was large
and near a shop .
the shop had a pig
and the ferris wheel was tall
near the castle .
we started our trip at this unique structure .
then we traveled to this outdoor casino .
my husband stumbled upon this telephone booth .
then he decided to smile for a personal picture .
we found this figurine in the museum too .
i saw the time on the clock tower . the quaker boys were waiting for me .
traffic was stuck in place so driving wasnt an option .
so i thought maybe i will call a cab . but the phone booth didnt work .
defeated i see a line of buses passing . i wave one down and hop on en route to the organization house .
finally made it with five minutes to spare ! the boys will share laughs with me about this ordeal .
location is the most beautiful place .
one summer we went their for a visit . i remember the night lights shining over the water .
can you believe that they actually still have telephone booths ?
my lovely husband was a real sport and followed me everywhere i wanted to go .
before we left , we drove by the tall pointy building with clock one last time .
we went on vacation . i took so many pictures that i dont even know where this was taken .
the nights where so bustling . here are some cars parked just waiting on valet .
it was odd seeing these , and even odder to see them in use .
more of the night life . i guess i just come from such a small town that the sight of so many people threw me off .
this place was awesome to visit . i remember we had such a good time here .
we finally decided to visit location .
we immediately noticed how much more traffic there was here than in our small town .
during our ride we saw a telephone booth for the first time !
eventually our taxi dropped us off to our hostel we were staying at
called the `` quaker meeting house '' .
at the patio , we found these colorful umbrellas .
two blocks away , we explored this yellow home .
the man directed us towards this scene in town square .
town square was nice but the fair was more fun to us .
the fair was near a boardwalk and we went there later .
bright and colorful umbrellas are lifted to show off this occasion .
the lit up front of a very historical building .
down the river we can get a glimpse of the taller structures of the city .
i drank out of this water fountain .
the lights from the city glowing their brightness across the water way .
colorful umbrellas were displayed inside the room .
the outside of the building was painted in bright yellow .
nearby the calm dark waters rippled near the surrounding buildings .
but the ferris wheel made its presence felt as the sun set .
and the empty sidewalk signaled the end of another day for pedestrians .
colorful umbrella in the museum
our first stop was the museum the kids love it and educational
wonderful photo i took over the river
our first ride on the sky wheel , saw the city on the top
lighted pathway going to the hotel what a wonderful entrance they have
the city had several attractions such as a museum and
the largest university in the state .
many tourists came to see the lake located in the central part of the city .
sculptures were also scattered throughout the city .
many tourists would comment on how beautiful the city looked at night .
it was a windy day outside , so tons of people gathered to fly kites .
children and their families were having a blast together flying kites .
the wind made it perfect kite flying weather .
many people gathered to see the different types of kites .
there were also pinwheels for sale for those who were not flying kites .
we bought a variety of wind toys to play with in the park .
my daughter bought a red and black kite .
my son bought a multi-colored kite .
i bought a remote-control helicopter .
i also bought a wind fan to take home and stick in the yard .
the sky was perfect for kite flying .
even very young kids were managing to get a lot of air beneath theirs .
i could n't believe how high some went .
some were really creative with what they had brought .
of course , i could n't leave without buying a windmill .
the first thing we saw a the festival was this cool circular creation .
sister got her kite up really high in the air .
brother is getting ready to get his kite flying !
we got to see a helicopter up close !
at the end of the day dad was carrying all of our stuff out of the festival .
being able to fly is a very fun thing .
kids might enjoy experiencing flight
by flying kites . some are colorful and add life to the sky .
if you are lucky , you might even get to ride in a helicopter .
however you experience flight , let it be fun and memorable .
the whole art class loved the field trip idea .
we walked around the near empty area , amazed by its beauty .
it was the beginning of fall and getting colder but the sight was still apt for photo taking .
even the empty theme parks got our attention .
we decided to cover more ground by taking an ancient way around town .
sometimes , desolation and emptiness lead to a lot of beauty .
this rural road , covered with snow and bereft of people , is a work of art .
the details of this merry-go-round , combined with the feeling of fallen elegance , create a powerful picture .
the statue of many escaping people always brings me to tears .
when there 's a splash of light in the gloom , it can be almost hard to look at .
the park weather was nice ,
we walked around ,
and enjoyed our surroundings .
the rides were for younger children ,
so we took a ride in the cart .
she decided to go and try out her new camera and filters .
the one she used most made the edges dark and cast a greenish-yellow tint to everything .
this carrosel looks pretty creepy with the filter on the picture .
this sculpture looks like something crawling out of a horror movie .
the last pictures she took was of these two bicycles and even they have an errie look about them .
the park was vast
and had many trees .
it was near a stadium
that had an abandoned ride
but people still came .
i ate dinner quickly .
i wanted to go to the bank .
on my way home i saw the ferris wheel .
the streets were awash with color .
the skyscrapers reminded me why i had moved here .
the night started at the a ! .
the ferris wheel is seen from a distance with purple and blue colors .
a view from a street corner on a cold fall night .
the cities skyscrapers were light up and beautiful .
the ferris wheel had change colors throughout the course of the night .
here are some souvenirs that we got on our tip .
this is a sign that we saw and thought it was interesting .
a look at the carnival at night with all the lights showing up .
we are out taking a stroll in the evening .
a view from across the river , what we saw .
we got off at the airport and went to look around .
we toured the city for a bit .
as evening grew , the streets became more quiet .
the buildings around us where huge .
we walked around a bit more before heading to the hotel .
it was a beautiful scene in this wonderful city !
there were so many things you do not see everyday !
this carnival was so amazing and beautiful !
there was so much to enjoy and view !
the nightlife was just amazing to look at !
i have wanted to be an astronaut since i was a little girl .
so i visited the headquarters of organization .
i got to meet a real astronaut live in the flesh !
he showed me the biggest rockets they had on sight .
we spent the rest of the day speaking about jet propulsion and other cosmic related matters . as inspired as ever i hope to be coming here every day for work soon .
yesterday was out field trip to the space station .
there , we got to see a real rocket .
the floors even had there logo on them .
the receivers we saw were huge .
at the end we got to meet an astronaut .
my female friend loves to take personal photos .
we traveled to a neat space building .
there we met this man who was a pleasant janitor .
he showed us around the facility .
he even showed us some of the newer technology .
this woman got the chance to tour organization .
when first walking in she saw the organization logo painted on the floor . her heart was filled with excitement .
even her dad was happy to be there .
later in the tour they went outside to see the spaceships parked there .
the booster rocket looking things were really cool . the tour encouraged the girl to follow her dreams to become an astronaut .
my brother has always wanted to work for organization .
he was excited when we took a trip to one of their facilities .
i took a picture of myself when we got there .
i also photographed some rockets .
this is how their engines look up close .
color evokes so many feelings . from the simplicity of a red chair ...
to the warmth of a yellow flower .
the detail of a green topiary ...
to the cold blue in this photo .
color enhances my soul . live the rainbow !
my friend and i visited an art gallery .
i am a big fan of abstract art and it truly inspires me .
my favorite piece of artwork was a sculpture that looked like socks .
my friend 's favorite was a wavy colorful sculpture .
visiting the art gallery has inspired me to create some artwork of my own .
fire engine red chair , so pretty .
i love yellow tulips , they give life to any room .
these decorative plants all together make the room give the room even more life and energy .
i love the pigment of the blue here .
this color wheel is fun .
the kids flipped through the patterns book .
they had to find a pretty picture to make into their collage .
they found lots of colors and patterns .
but not one that they loved enough .
until they came upon this plain picture , they loved red !
today we had a color scavenger hunt at my school . i found a red chair for red .
outside i found yellow flowers and crossed off another color .
green trees meant another one down .
here is where i was able to cross off blue .
i tried to use this rainbow art decoration for my remaining colors but it did n't count and i lost ...
a group of friends went to the carnival and bought snacks .
they rode on the rides .
they rode on the ferris wheel .
they played carnival games to win prizes .
they played one last game together before they went home .
[male] was having a great time at the fair .
he even went on the ferris wheel .
this is favorite ride he is now at the top and he takes in the scenery .
after getting off the ride he heads over to grab some lunch .
after lunch he goes to get some ice cream .
we enjoyed a lot of great snacks during our visit to the carnival .
the carnival rides are scary , but we had fun !
this ferris wheel was a fun ride and reminded us of our childhood .
the vendors were lined up ready to feed us or sell us their wares .
this simple sign was effective in rousing our curiosity .
the man wore a blue shirt and spoke softly .
the ride was fun bit a bit dangerous .
we rode the wheel for a bit to experience joy .
the train was scary at night .
we decided to go to a small diner for dinner .
he was a pig .
hopefully he would n't get sick .
damn , he did .
he better stick to the fairway .
oh wait , more food .
the parade had many small cars .
these guys are driving small tractors .
this couple is in an old-time car .
there was also a car show .
there were some great rides to ride .
the antique car show and race was the other day .
there were antique tractors .
some people brought old buses .
a few people brought vehicles that looked like old trolleys .
however , most of the vehicles there were antique cars .
the race was really entertaining , and
creative to see the drivers ride their creations .
these two made a very good pair ,
and we got to sit and touch vintage vehicles .
then we went to the vintage shop and got some collectibles .
these people are getting ready to enter their antique vehicles in the big race .
these two men are part of the special race between one person mini trains .
contestants and spectators have come from all over .
one of the requirements for this race is that vehicles be steam powered .
even the cars of persons who entered the race are vintage .
i went to an old car show .
my kids loved these cute little train looking mechanisms .
a bunch of old busses all lined up .
i wondered if people really actually drove these .
this car would be fun to drive even in the modern era .
a welcome sign that greets you as you enter the county fair .
prizes ranging in many shapes and sounds .
i watched other people on this ride and refused to ride this ride .
jugglers performed in the center of the fair and sometimes with fire !
at night the lights turned on and created an amazing view .
the carnival came to town today .
my boyfriend and i came to play fun games and win prizes .
we even ate terribly unhealthy foods like beer batter cheese on a stick . delicious .
my boyfriend won me many prices , including a stuffed shark .
we stay at the carnival well into the night , just having fun and being together .
i went to a local carnival . i 've never had beer battered cheese , i had to try it !
next i played a game to try and win the stuffed animal .
i went on a roller coaster ride 3 times !
after that i watched some jugglers .
lastly there was an evening music performance .
we had to stop and look at the huge `` cheese on a stick '' sign .
just look at all the little adorable stuffed animals !
the best part is when you turn upside down !
there were so many people gathered it was hard to find anyone .
this might have been the coolest thing i have ever seen !
the sign was offering cheese
and there were stuffed animals .
the ride was big
and the people juggled
before seeing lights in the night .
a photographer went to an abandoned amusement park to take photos .
the slide was rusted .
the rides had plants growing all over it .
the abandoned rides were rusted and fading .
the once happy looking house structure was now falling apart .
i had heard stories of the lost amusement park in the woods , but i did n't think it really existed until i came upon this slide .
it was something out of a neon dream .
the turtle ride nearby was creepy , with its wires still attached .
the old roller coaster looked ready to collapse at any point .
someone , this spinning ride hit me hardest . it looked like it had just been paused , and riders might reappear at any time .
this large slide went up really high ,
i got on and flew threw the hills .
this park has been abandoned ,
nothing electric works ,
and most of the rides have fallen down .
there was an abandoned amusement park nearby i decided to explore .
this slide looked like it would 've been fun .
this ride was completely overgrown .
there was a small roller coaster , but it was really rusty and covered in muck .
there was also this random little treehouse off to the side . i 'm really not sure what it 's purpose was .
there is nothing like a trip to the water park !
this water slide was huge and lots of fun !
it was amazing how many fun things this park had to do !
this ride made the trip extra fun !
the scariest ride of all was saved for last !
the which concert was a great scene .
everyone was looking forward to it .
some people went a bit cray .
everyone loved watching the show .
there was even a carousel to cap the night off .
our trip to the music fesival was great .
one of our favorite performers was just getting on the stage .
the weather was awesome and clear for us through the night .
in the distance , we saw the glow of an amusement park .
we had a wonderful time with friends and music !
we all went to the concert last night .
there were a lot of people there hanging out .
some people had too much to drink .
afterward we went the fair to relax .
the organization wheel is lit up at night by the beach .
we went to the music festival today .
our favorite band was performing .
all to soon the sun was setting .
afterwards we went to the carnival to have fun .
by the end of the night we were exhausted .
we had gone to a festival and heard some music
the music was great and got everybody excited for the fair .
they even dropped in some rides from the air for us to play on .
the ferris wheel was lit up as bright as the sun !
we all had a blast . except there was this shirtless guy who kept following us .
after arriving by boat we decided to check out the local amusement park .
we were n't quite sure where the amusement park was located so we just started walking anyway .
we passed by many different shops along the way .
finally we arrived at the amusement park but nobody was there .
it turned out that the park was closed today .
we are having a day walk on the beach . it was such a cloudy day .
hey look ! there 's an old ferris wheel .
this is our view for most of the day . it was beautiful ! the sound of the waves was heavenly .
i do n't think there 's a person in the world who does n't know who this is !
look at this old boat ! it slowly passed by us . it was adorable !
we were working the boats all evening , soon work was done .
we walked the pier with our income , ready to spend it .
here 's us ! most of the stores were , unfortunately , closed , so we decided to walk around .
unfortunate that location location was shuttered , i was really looking forward to it .
we stared at the attractions until it started thundering , and then we decided to drive home .
it was a gray and cold day on the location shore .
[male] decided to take a walk down the boardwalk .
he say other folks doing the same .
the stores were all closed for the season .
the merry-go-round was closed for the day too .
last fall i went for a walk down the pier .
there was a little girl playing on the sand .
the ocean looked very choppy , but there were still a lot of surfers .
a museum off the pier had a [male] [male] exhibit .
as i was leaving , i saw a ferry boat pulling up to shore .
the play house was an exciting place for the young and old .
dominant figures waited inside .
a royal set was included in the realistic interiors .
dress and other details matched that in real life .
indoor and outdoor sets made the experience life-like .
we were able to finally attend .
did n't know what to expect going into it all .
the costumes were the most beautiful .
the exhibit was so much fun .
we will be going back again .
this is a lovely entrance to the chinese play , `` to be communist , or not to be . ''
wonder what this little dragon has to do with the chinese government ? oh well , as long as it is n't breathing fire .
these people look like real statues . i wonder how they get their makeup so smooth ?
finally at the table . who 's the sumo ? i ca n't pick up his tab too .
i simply love the detail these people put into conducting their play scenery . i should ask the producer .
i was invited to a foreign show by one of my co-workers .
i had never been to anything like this before . there was so much colorful artwork everywhere .
when the show began i did not really understand what was going on .
but it was still fun to watch .
i took many pictures of that night and will always remember it .
we entered the fair 's pavilion through this fanciful gate .
the pavilion was decorated with curious objects like this dinosaur .
the main area of the pavilion was colorful and lively .
employees of the fair performed for the audience .
the dancers were especially fun to see .
the concert last night was so much fun !
there were tons of fireworks at the venue .
it was so pretty .
there were may people performing at the event .
some of them were my favorites !
what is that chick wearing ?
is that a lightbulb ?
who cares , there 's a scantily clad girl now .
i wish i were closer .
like , as close as that guy !
a group of friends attended a large music festival .
there were fireworks there .
there was a large grand finale , too .
a well known rap artist performed .
and a famous female singer performed also . it was a great night .
the atmosphere was electric and exciting !
so many interesting surprises happened that night !
always feel like a kid when these go off
finally the show begins !
singing , dancing , and costumes makes for great time !
i went to a music festival . it was crowded but i had a blast .
there were fireworks to start the show .
there were yet more fireworks !
then the artists started to come out to sing .
there was so much energy and she really got the crowd moving !
after riding the carnival rides all morning the family decides to take a break .
they buy some toys for their kids and then decide that it is time to eat .
they choose the open kitchen because the mascot is so cute .
the meals for the kids are family friendly and delicious .
but mom orders a fancy dessert for herself . it is the perfect end to the perfect meal .
i really like cups .
cups are the best .
i crave pictures of cups .
look , another cup !
it was epic !
yesterday we went to the amusement park to go on some rides .
i won a lot of stuffed animals at the skill games .
i also picked up a couple of souvenirs .
they had some great food at the park as well .
their dessert is the best !
on their first date , they went to an amusement park .
they won stuffed animals for each other .
they stopped at a cute cafe for lunch .
they shared a sandwich and fries .
they enjoyed a decadent desert .
we went to the park and rode the rides
they are good friends and are on a play date
it is a cup with a with a girl on it
some one cooked a sandwich and some fries
someone is eating a cake
i love the city .
there 's so much to see .
like this place .
or these places .
some things were still being built .
in sightseeing for our vacation , we have come across some of the most beautiful architectural designs .
this design is actually stained glass , but in a more modern form .
the angles on the building give off the impression that one is moving fast .
however , from far away , it looks like a standard vintage building .
this coliseum is similar in design to the ones in rome , but just a bit more modern .
the best towns are towns with history everywhere .
history where art flourishes
and architecture shines bright .
the towns that were once bubbling with progress and ingenuity
are now relics of days gone by . it is a sight to see .
the entrance alone looked very big .
there was some beautiful designs inside .
the building looked very tall from the ground .
there were some other tall buildings too .
we even saw a round building .
the old church was beautiful .
the stained glass was like no other around .
it was easy to imagine the history of the church , and the people who use to attend it .
lots of tourists enjoyed walking about looking at the old buildings .
a few people liked the modern day buildings as well .
my trip to location was amazing .
i saw some colorful people .
i even made some knew friends .
i visited a beautiful pagoda .
then i saw a ordinary bicycle .
there is a little place in the city called little location .
little china a lot of the people make it feel like you are actually in china .
people come and visit and take pictures with the chinese people .
the structures are beautiful and cultural .
everyone has their own way of celebrating the chinese lifestyle .
we attended this asian festival which was full of color and fun .
the costumed balloon handlers were a great addition to the gala .
our friends joined us in the morning for the fun .
the architecture of a pagoda is awe inspiring .
some folks are a festival unto themselves .
a day at the parade was very fun .
everything was in sync and on point .
school kids in the midst . having a good time at the festivities .
the historic temple and it 's a beauty .
awesome randomness .
my visit to location was fun and colorful .
i visited many temples .
i took a picture with some school girls . they thought it would be funny .
this temple was perched delicately above the water .
i am not sure what kind of hat she is wearing but it looks funky .
the whole family went for a `` family fun day , '' this weekend .
we went to the most popular theme park here and rode all the crazy rides !
my son was scared to ride this one because it was so high up , but my daughter was all for it !
we had to coax him to get on the roller coaster .
but when he did he confessed to having a great time !
we visited a theme park today . i wanted to ride this roller coaster i have heard about .
it took us very high in the air .
then it dropped us down so fast i almost lost my glasses !
we walked to another roller coaster , passing by some tower .
the next roller coaster was as much fun as the viper ! it was an exciting day for sure !
we spent the day riding roller coasters . we had beautiful weather for it !
they can get a bit scary at times , but we loved it .
everyone , and i mean everyone , screamed on this ride .
the old school wooden roller coasters are the best !
it 's hard to keep your hands in their air when you are terrified .
the new ride is called the viper .
it has a lot of sharp turns .
the first group that went screamed a lot .
i was watching from the tower in the center of the park .
the people loved it .
the viper was a big ride
that went very high
and fast .
people saw the tower
and rode the ride .
the fish pond was the main attraction .
the flowers were also pretty .
this bug was interesting .
this women made this kid go to the plant garden ,
time for fun on this ride .
there were a ton of plants in the garden .
there were so many different kinds .
some of them were exotic .
i had a great time there .
there were even some fish in the pond .
while outside walking alongside a trail , we saw fishing swimming in the creek .
the bees really love this beautiful flower .
there is a fly looking for food on the leaf .
i love the look on my son 's face with me .
to wine down , we ended up going on a few rides .
we stopped by a coy pond to relax one day .
the flowers around us where beautiful .
the bugs where out bad not that bad .
we laughed and hung out for a bit .
then we headed back into town .
the two colorful fish greet visitors to the garden .
the poppies are in full bloom at this time of the year .
the fly is enjoying a rest on a large leaf .
it is a great place for a mother to enjoy the day with her son .
they can finish the day on the double organization organization overlooking the whole park .
we took a trip at the boardwalk .
one man was a street performer .
one man had even brought his parrot to perform .
we noticed that many people were on their bikes .
we saw a organization organization int he distance .
the boardwalk was filled with amazing sights and sounds .
i saw a man juggling lives .
the line for the ferris wheel was long , but i waited anyway .
a message flashed across the sky , but i could n't see it .
later i saw a man with many birds .
day walking at the pier .
man performing magic tricks .
the two talking parrots .
going to the beach for a swim .
then going in the ferris wheel .
i went to the boardwalk .
there were many street performers .
this man 's act involved his pet parrot .
maybe i will take my bike to the boardwalk next time .
i road the ferris wheel .
the people were walking along the beach
and the guy was getting a drink .
he stopped to look down
and then saw bikes
and a big ferris wheel .
zack is visiting the town where his father grew up .
this was a family home at the time , but it has since been turned into a hotel .
they added this nice pool on the back side .
there is also a soothing park setting to relax in .
down the block is this carousel that zack 's dad use to ride as a child .
we went to a mountain town for vacation
it was in the middle of nowhere
there was an incredible ferris wheel
and the town center was huge
some of it was abandoned
loving the view of the mountain while taking a hike .
we are loving the view of the inn that we are staying at . it is very rustic .
getting some afternoon sun and going swimming .
enjoying the beautiful flowers underneath the trees .
before we call it a day , we take a ride on the merry-go-round .
i visited a beautiful park on the weekend .
some historical buildings still stood .
there was a pool to cool down .
there were flowers that made the place look gorgeous .
at the end of the day i took a ride on the carousel , just like a little kid .
this trip was full of fun and excitement !
we got a great view of the land ! it was gorgeous !
then we hit the carnival for some fun !
we loved all the great and elegant buildings !
this was the perfect way to end a great trip !
the subway train was very swift .
from a distance , we could see the big wheel .
later , we traveled by helicopter to get this grand shot .
we landed soon after and i took a picture of this building from the ground .
when it was time to leave , we took a group picture .
i wish i could read chinese !
view of the tall organization wheel from our hotel room .
looking down on this structure , makes it seem so small indeed .
how tall is he now after all these years ? !
friends gathering around to take a photo to remember the occasion .
today i am going to meet my family . i leave the for the boat early to catch my ride on the water .
outside the sights are nice like a large white ferris wheel in the distance .
the water is blue and i am ready for my adventure .
had a little fun measuring myself today with a giant ruler .
finally made it and now off to eat some great food and tell some awesome stories .
i won a dream vacation to location last year .
our train passed an old carnival .
i took some photos from the top of a building .
i was always on the go during my trip .
i even made some new friends in location !
we took the bullet train to get around town - it was fast !
the ferris wheel was lots of fun and had great views of the city .
we took a helicopter tour to see more .
this is the tallest building in the city - we ate at the restaurant on the top floor .
all our friends posed together for a photo .
mom and daughter were so excited for their first night out by themselves .
mom had planned all kinds of fun activities .
they went to the little girls museum and saw the characters .
and they walked the putt putt course , where her favorite tv character was there .
she did n't want to leave his side the entire time .
we arrived at the hotel at night , ready to get some rest .
the next day it was time to explore the children 's museum .
i thought it would be best to take a taxi there since we did not know our way around .
maddie had lots of fun with all of the characters .
even the bathrooms at the museum were set up for the children .
jasime made a wish in the fountain .
our ride to the amusment park .
jasime really wanted a ballon .
her favorite animal , the donkey .
we both got balloon animals , although mine is just a stick .
we git ti the hotel and then headed back out .
we took some photos down in the main hall .
then we got on a bus to see the town .
we went to some kid friendly shows .
she had a really great time .
she was ready for some theme park fun !
we passed this beautiful fountain while we were there !
we enjoyed the ride to the park !
we met up with some new friends at the park !
there was elegance all around us ! a perfect way to end our journey !
after arriving at the resort , we docked the boat .
then we headed to the building , observing the beautiful scenery .
there were all sorts of palm trees on the property .
the resort was as we had remembered it , we headed right inside .
for my first dish , i decided to order the same miso soup that i had last time .
i went on vacation last weekend .
it was beautiful .
everything was very green .
it was very well maintained .
the weather was perfect .
our weekend at this resort showed us stunning natural beauty .
the grounds were like a golf course , green , trimmed and cozy .
a lot of people shared our love of this place and came to enjoy it as well .
the ponds were a beautiful sight to behold .
our stay here was full of natural beauty and wonderful manmade decor as well such as this lovely little bridge .
on our vacation we stopped by a large marina .
this marina was just packed full of boats , way too many for us to be able to go out .
instead we spent the day golfing on this beautiful course .
after the game we headed for this pavilion .
we ended our day with a nice cup of tea .
the marina would be a wonderful place to have the wedding reception .
the view of the boats and trees was great .
this was the spot to have the reception .
if it rained it could be moved under here .
after deciding where she enjoyed a cup of coffee with a smile on her face .
our boys have been swimming since they were little
it comes natural to them
everyone loves getting in the pool
they would stay in all day if we let them
our neighbors kid comes over every day with his pink ball
old picture of me when i was 3 years old .
this is my grandmother . here she 's teaching me how to play cards .
here 's me checking on my little brother .
i got my first kite today .
me resting with my younger brother and little cousin .
today the family decided to go swimming .
the oldest member of the family trys to relax in the water on his float
and the youngsters undergo the greatest voyage in the history of plastic .
sometimes the youngsters feel that they need to relax too .
the day was a great day for swimming .
fun day at the pool with my nephews and nieces .
oh to be a kid again , no worries .
bought a boat and they enjoyed that very much .
this one just likes to float . he floated all over the pool .
got ta watch this one , he 's all over the place .
finally it was summer time !
the family enjoyed playing in the pool together .
the youngest loved playing with his boat in the water .
the middle one loved to float on his floats .
he loved throwing the ball in the water and jumping after it .
today my family and i went to location 's location location theme park .
we played lots of games and got some prizes .
surprisingly , they had some great sushi places there ! delicious .
we tried to ride every ride we could !
we could n't help but to ride this one more than once !
we recently took a trip to location for the first time .
my boyfriend is a flight enthusiast , so he was thrilled to see this place .
my husband refused to get on this ride with the kids , ca n't say i blame him .
just looking at this structure , i am convinced that i will stay on the ground .
this particular decoration reminded me of the organization states flag .
location 's location location is an american themed theme park .
there are tons of ways to have fun .
you can eat exotic foods that represent location 's melting pot of diversity ,
or you can ride the many rides that are all throughout the park .
whatever you do , i am sure that your time spent here will be memorable .
on my amusement park world tour . i stopped at location 's location location .
i 've heard wonderful things about this place . let 's see if the coasters are up to par !
i will get wet !
what a coaster . i 'm prepared to ride this right now .
i want a blue and a red . i 'm gon na win both .
having a great time at an amusement park in location .
one of the first rides we hit , we can get a good view being up this far .
i 'm waiting alongside the dock to get wet instead of going on the ride .
this is what i have been waiting for the big rides .
now it 's time to wine down and play some games .
the gang was prepared to visit the city
the little ones had a great time
and it was fun for everyone
nancy loved the view with her grand kids
and they all had a great time
we were out walking one day .
we decided to take the tram .
when we got off the tram we noticed a fair nearby .
we let the kids ride on the merry-go-round .
afterward we went to the pier to watch the boats .
went to the pier today with my family . here we are enjoying a nice meal .
this kid is very curious .
here we are riding a streetcar . how fun is that ? too much fun .
we love to watch the water , maybe we 'll see a dolphin or two .
had to make a pit stop at the carousel ponies . ca n't leave without that ride .
dinner with the family and loving every minute of it .
on vacation and the kids could n't be happier .
having fun on the trolley and what a wonderful day .
by the docs and this day ca n't e any more perfect .
on the marry go round with the kids , awesome day .
the family met for dinner at a great restaurant in the city .
my son was happy to sit on the pole all by himself and watch all the people walk past him .
we grabbed a trolley headed downtown .
it was a gorgeous day at the pier .
the kids loved the merry-go-round .
outside of my office was this immaculate building .
inside the building was so delicate and intricate .
outside of the building was this statue .
this man 's face was also carved into the wall of the building .
on our way home , we snapped a picture of the bridge in the skyline .
around the bottom side of this monument , we see a large tower .
looking up from the bottom at the dome .
the location flag flies near the location location building .
criss crossing lines form this beautiful structure .
gargoyles stretch out from the old stone structure .
today , my family and i visited the twin towers memorial in location location location .
they really did a great job with every detail ( inside and out ) . including the elevator that shows you scenes of the old towers as you go up each level .
to think that the towers have been gone for almost 14 years is hard to believe .
the muesum is a sight to behold . i 'm glad we made the stop to check it out .
it was a tragic event nearly 14 years ago , but the muesum does a great job in remembering it
there are many different ways to look at something .
for me though it is all about trying to see things from a new angle .
sometimes you have to see what has been done .
to see the things that have not been thought of before .
there are moments that you have to pay your dues to the past .
exploring european buildings like this one is always fun .
you can see beautiful domed , blue architecture .
and large monuments to governments of the past .
even monuments to famous historical figures .
but a nice river cruise always makes the day end nicely .
we had a great time being down by the pier yesterday .
there we so many different rides down by the pier .
we went on many different rides .
they even had a castle set up !
and they had a full size pirate ship too ! it was a great day !
we left paradise pier and headed out in the open ocean ,
in the biggest ship to sail these waters in sometime .
the night was dark and scary and a storm was brewing .
lightening stuck our boat , we thought all was lost until we saw the castle in the distant .
what a beautiful sight i wonder who lives there ... ...
paradise pier is beautiful .
there are a lot of rollercoasters .
the night begins with the lit up entertainment .
the magic kingdom is beautiful
the ship is lit up with the strobes .
first , we visited the paradise pier in organization organization .
then we found all the rides in the park .
there was also a merry-go-round lit up in the dark .
after that we found a large castle .
at the end of the day we rode pirates of the location .
today we took a family vacation to paradise pier .
there was so much to do !
here 's the carousel lit up at night . it was beautiful !
and here is the castle at night . amazing !
i think the ship was my favorite part of the trip .
we went to the local fair that comes by every year .
i tried to win my girlfriend some big mario stuffed animals
the sunset was beautiful over the fair grounds
we had to make sure to hit up the carousel at least once
our last and favorite ride was the ranger , boy was it fun .
we started our day at the carnival with the ferris wheel .
next was the spinner .
of course we had to play some games .
as the sun set we took our chances on the ranger .
the night ended with a beautiful fireworks display . we had a wonderful day .
our day at the carnival was a lot of fun . this ferris wheel is a great ride !
there are always fun games and prizes at any festival .
the setting sun is a photo op not to be missed .
there are great carousels at any fair and this one is no exception .
when the rides are lit up at night , they are very colorful and fun .
we rode the ferris wheel first .
then the tilt-a-whirl .
we won some prizes when we played the carnival games .
we then rode on the ranger .
we finished the night by watching the fireworks .
we came up on the fair from the distance .
we got there and played some games .
soon the sun started to set .
we rode a few ore rides then moved on .
we took pictures of some of the crazy rides we where on and headed out .
at the park we saw a replica of the train .
we visited clip 's joint .
we loved the designs , especially the dragon on the roof .
the workers wore cool costumes and posed for pictures .
the replica of the castle was absolutely gorgeous .
we had a great time at location
we went to every gift shop
there was so much we wanted
the place was amazing
we will be going back again soon
we went on a family vacation . first we learned about the old trains .
afterward we went in the gift shop .
there was an amazing dragon on the ceiling .
this was the lady that worked in the shop . she was dressed in victorian attire .
lastly we went to tour this old castle . it was amazing !
loving the train coming out of the tunnel .
shopping at a souvenir shop .
what amazing art work with the dragon on the ceiling .
my son standing in front of the souvenir shop .
getting a good view one more time before we have to leave .
i went to a theme part .
there were lots of fun souvenirs .
i wanted to buy this kite but it was too expensive .
i posed with a lot of the characters .
this castle was scary but it had a fun ride inside .
we enjoyed the parade at organization when we were there .
the castle always makes me smile . i can remember seeing it the first time as a little girl .
[male] and captain hook were playing around and make the children and adults laugh .
the children enjoyed seeing all the characters they knew from movies and television .
[female] was telling [male] a secret . i wish i knew what she said before we left .
the magic kingdom castle is seen in the background during the parade .
the characters are having fun on the stage performing .
the parade was colorful with many different disney characters .
here is [male] duck and [female] mouse hanging out on stage .
[male] mouse was seen waving to us on the float .
organization organization is a magical place .
the characters are fun for everyone to see .
the parades are especially fun to watch .
children 's eyes light up when they see the characters .
it 's the perfect place to create lasting memories .
parade time at the most wonderful place on location .
i love captain hook ! that was my favorite .
[male] mouse and [male] duck are awesome .
[female] mouse was just so beautiful .
on the last float , here comes the most famous location location .
i finally got to go to disneyland after all these years .
the castle made me feel like a princess .
i took pictures of as many characters as i could see .
they put on a fun show .
hey [female] , [male] might get jealous !
there was a program for children at the local ballpark .
some celebrities from their baseball program was on hand to help out .
the kids were able to go on the field and loved it .
some kids liked the stands better .
other kids had the opportunity to try throwing pitches .
i finally was able to take the boys to their first ball game .
here we were in our seats waiting for the game to begin .
he was leaning over to get a better look at his favorite player .
after the game , the crowd rushed onto the field .
the boys had a great time at the ball game .
the game was very exciting . it was so close and now it was finally over .
some of the commentators stayed to discuss the post-game .
after the team won a lot of fans ran out onto the field to celebrate .
some of the fans were very eager to jump out onto the field .
afterward we all said goodbye to the team and we went home .
we went to the ballgame today .
lots of people were excited to see it .
people were even leaning over the railings .
afterwards people walked onto the field .
we got to walk across all the bases .
location location for a night game !
father and son are here to take in the game .
the stands are empty before the game begins .
a bunch of people appear on the field .
it 's a class of school kids given permission to run the bases !
the group started out the day together .
a boat ride to the island was a lot of fun .
once there the group split into several pairs because nobody could agree on what to do ; abut half of the people wanted to visit the amusement park .
others wanted to sit down and enjoy a quiet breakfast .
not everyone could agree on here to eat though , because some preferred to dine outside .
here i am on the first morning of vacation at the coffee house .
our group toured the shops and met back up later .
we met up for lunch and planned the afternoon activities .
some of us decided to take boats through the canal .
later in the afternoon , a few of us went to a local amusement park .
this morning i woke up and had coffee with a friend .
that afternoon i walked
to the bar to have a drink with a friend .
then we went boating .
we ended the day at the amusement park .
while downtown today we decided to follow a group of guys in orange .
they led us to a trip down the canal .
the boat took us to an amusement park that was closed for the season .
we settled down for coffee at a cafe .
and finally decided to sit outside for a while to end the afternoon .
coffee is always a great start to the day .
we all ready to start off our adventure
once last drink before we hit the road
hanging out on the water is so relaxing
amusement parks always make you feel like a kid again !
it was time again for the nighttime carnival , and the people gathered for a feast of the eyes .
the night was lit bright with excitement for the procession .
there were colorful characters of all sorts .
kids of all ages took part in the revelry .
it truly was a thrilling experience for all involved .
we went to this amazing festival downtown .
it was so much fun , everyone was having a good time ! even the kids !
there were these big puppets there , too . it was kind of frightening .
up close was even scarier ! but i still had a great time .
towards the end they were shooting off fireworks . it was a great end to an amazing festival !
i could hardly understand the machines , but being around the buzz of the crowd was intoxicating .
we saw thousands of creatures and myths played out on the streets .
one of the more frightening masks , with one of the better performers rounded out the performances .
soon , a band took the stage and started playing music .
after they started waving incense , i got ready to leave . my nose was a bit too sensitive .
the streets of location were filled up with parade floats last night .
there were adults and children celebrating on the streets .
a dragon walked through the parade .
and people wearing huge masks on their heads followed the dragon .
after the parade , the sky was filled with fireworks .
i went to a festival in location where i saw a parade .
there were a lot of vendors out . i bought some snacks .
i watched the whole parade , and took pictures of the various floats .
this float kind of scared me !
this was the last float of the parade . i was sad to see it end .
visited some strange places today . this was the sio-site .
an odd sculpture on the side of a building .
my favorite thing today ... a nice cold beer .
look at the size of these chicken tenders..they are huge .
after a day out , it was nice to come home to this awesome view .
[female] and shin [male] had a great time on vacation .
they went shopping at the mall .
they had a great dinner at a fancy restraunt .
shin [male] was tired and ready for bed .
the city was breathtaking at night .
they had been waiting for this day for awhile .
they kept their eye on the clock to be punctual .
frosty beverages were there for all .
the food was quite tempting .
the night had many things in store .
location was so different than location , it was a culture shock .
this strange clock was designed by a famous artist .
we worked up a thirst touring this city .
we also worked up an appetite , too , and i love japanese food .
this is the view from our flight home . we definitely plan to return .
i visited the location in location , location , a few years ago .
the location featured some very intriguing pieces of art , like this clock .
i grew bored pretty quickly though and visited a local pub .
the beer was good , but the fish was absolutely great .
i spent the rest of that evening in my 15th story hotel room drinking a beer and staring at the city .
a group of friends went to explore a nearby river .
they decided to go on a boat ride throughout the river .
they passed through the gate .
they passed by another tour boat during their ride .
they took a group photo after their ride on the river .
somehow , i got the feeling we were n't welcome in the abandoned factory area .
i ca n't stand a wired fence , so i went in anyway . the windmill blew around as if it were still needed .
i hit a second section of wall , topped with glass . that could n't stop me either .
this tall wall almost did , but i scaled it .
it was worth it when i walked the streets of factories and houses long ago emptied .
our day cruise up the river was a lot of fun and had fantastic views of nature .
the great bridges were in abundance so that crossing was possible .
the view of the water fading in the distance makes you appreciate nature .
the boat was small but comfortable . we felt safe on this one .
our friends enjoyed themselves on the river cruise too !
some places can be a bit more dangerous than others .
while they may not be dangerous due to disastrous conditions ,
sometimes they might just really want people to stay away .
high fences usually do the trick ,
but sometimes the building is scary enough to keep people out .
the place must 've had some rough security , barbed wire lined along the top of the fence .
there was a windmill that provided power .
and if you thought barbed wire was bad , the broken glass on top of the stone wall seemed even more frightening .
the fences stood very high , almost 20ft in the air .
i would n't be surprised if this used to be an old prison .
[male] celebrated his 45th birthday thursday .
all of his friends showed up to wish him happy birthday .
[male] 's cake was chocolate which is his favorite .
after he ate cake [male] 's friends played a prank on him .
[male] had a wonderful birthday party thanks to all of his friends .
the people were dancing in costumes at the party .
one man went a little overboard with the costume .
the birthday cake was lit for the man to blow the candles out .
some of the party goers were posing for a picture .
the group is seen taking a picture with everyone smiling .
happy birthday [male] !
gangs all here !
blow blow blow !
a day to remember !
maybe we can black mail him ! hah !
my husband turned 50 this past weekend and we had a party .
his sisters flew in from out of town .
and he loves chocolate cake so that 's what i made .
then he got a little silly after a few beers and tried to become a mummy .
i was very pleased that he spent this milestone birthday with his favorite people .
my friend , [male] , celebrated his 50th birthday last week .
i attended the party , along with my wife and her friends from work .
[male] blew out the candles on his birthday cake .
after that , we decided to cover him in toilet paper , which made no sense to me .
by the end of the night [male] was drunk , shirtless , and thought he was in location .
i had a great time at the bike park .
there were tons of bicycles there .
i really enjoyed it .
it was really cheap to get in .
i bought another bike while i was there .
an eco friendly city decided to try a new bicycle parking service .
people utilized this service in order to be able to park their bike safely .
interested customers discussed the concept with workers .
they had a new sign to attract customers .
many people were interested in trying out the valet service .
the sign is giving them some information
this is the area where they can park their bikes .
they examine the bike parking further .
a different angle on bike parking makes it more clear .
one last study of the display and they are now certain that they can in fact park their bike here .
the tent was set up in the city on a hot day .
they prepared the bicycle racks .
then they waited for customers to arrive .
they put a sign out by the street .
after that they were set up for business .
the poster was cool
near the bikes .
there were many of them
and the people were happy
to take their bikes .
it was a great day at the park
many people lined up for the ride
it was one of the best coasters in the country
and people loved the potato patch
the roller coaster was the hit of the night
every summer we take a roller coaster tour .
we ride the newest ones .
we ride the tallest ones .
we ride the fastest ones .
then we all go home and start planning for next year . it was awesome !
we are determined to ride a roller coaster today .
when we saw how big it was ,
we got butterflies in our stomachs .
we could hear the screams ,
but we got in line anyway .
good , a parking space .
now they had to stand in line .
it would be worth it though once they got on .
then they 'd check out a few game .
and maybe go back and ride it again later .
the view was very vast
near the rollercoaster .
the coaster was tall
and the potato patch had lots of food
for after the ride .
my wife took a picture in front of the shoreline .
after that , i took a picture of the shoreline .
then we took a picture together .
i snapped a magical image of the rocks going into the mist .
that night , we went to a concert at the venue .
darcie went to the beach today .
she went with her boyfriend [male] and she had a great time .
[male] was jealous because he liked darcie .
he thought about her all day and never stopped .
darcie did not like [male] and hid from him often .
spent the day at the beach , it was a lot colder than i thought it would be .
the waves were hitting the rocks pretty hard , hope i dont fall in .
me and my boyfriend always make time for some selfies together .
this walk was terrifying but i somehow came out alive !
ended the night at a concert . what a special day it was .
this was [female] 's and [male] 's first vacation to the beach .
the water was high from a recent rain storm .
the two posed together for a memorable picture .
the long rocky walkway was safe despite the high water .
the capped off their day by watching a concert by the ocean .
[female] needed a cool profile picture for her organization account .
rich thought it would be nicer if he was involved .
a giant soda was what rich had been craving all day .
he thought about what other types junk he should consume that day .
the date ended when [female] was even too embarrassed to get a picture .
it was a chilly day at the beach , everyone had to bundle up .
the commercial we were shooting was going to take a lot of work .
there wasnt a lot of people so we had to work together to get this done .
luckily the director was a chill guy and had things under control .
afterwards cleanup was a mess but it was totally worth it .
the foundation of the set was so intricate .
outside , the cast talked in blankets .
the camera crew put in a lot of hours this weekend .
the director was very committed to the project .
one of the camera men went to new heights to get the footage .
we were doing some set up for the concert following us , getting paid good money to do it too .
here i am , with the squad .
getting the cameras set up was one of the easier parts , adjusting for glare and wind was exceptionally difficult , though .
here i am , taking a bit of a lie down .
and here 's me again , taking a sit up ! we were done not long after this was taken .
our movie was off to a rough start this morning , waiting for the lighting to be set up .
everyone was working hard , trying to perfect it .
the actors patiently sat and waited .
finally , it was time for our first take !
the crew worked very hard to get the scene just right !
the filming had n't begun yet but [male] was feeling uneasy .
the cameramen were all ready and motioned for [male] to get on set .
there were many people working on the set that day .
once more scene to go and production will be finished .
the final shoot made everyone happy and [male] was proud of himself .
visiting the statue of liberty , here are the restrictions in a sign .
the location location location location flag floating in the air .
the statue of [female] in location location location .
visiting the museum
the luggages that were used back int he days .
we could see the statue of [female] from the ferry to location location .
when we arrived , i felt just like the immigrants coming to location .
everything looked so much bigger up close !
the entrance was decorated with patriotic flags . it made me proud .
the statue of [female] was a sight to behold ! i waved goodbye and it seemed like she was waving back .
i snapped a shot of a historical block in town .
nearby , i saw a beautiful flag .
my husband wanted to see the statue so we traveled there next .
the town hall was well furnished .
the furniture was still very vintage though .
we took a ferry to the statue of [female] .
they searched my backpack at one point .
we also saw buildings on location location .
the buildings were expansive inside .
the statue of [female] is very large and beautiful to see .
we were so excited to visit the statue of [female] that we almost missed the sign .
the location flag flew outside on a perfect day .
we were awestruck by the immense size of the statue .
in the lobby , more flags hung .
we found the gift shop and bought many beautiful wicker baskets .
we finally arrived at our vacation destination .
how lucky . we found a place right on the beach .
this is a cute guy i met on the first day . we really hit it off right away .
we were going to take a swim , but the water was way too cold .
loved the ferris wheel the best . got a great birds-eye view .
our city has many nice shots including this one over the highway .
the best spot is the beach where we took our next photo .
on the beach , there is a lone flag .
there is also a carnival near where we saw this wheel .
on our way home , we stopped by this structure to exercise .
we started off the day looking at some amusing street artists .
then , we headed down to the pier for some lunch .
our friend [male] joined us for a walk on the beach .
it was such a nice day that we needed to take off our shoes to enjoy the sand .
we finished the day riding the ferris wheel to see the ocean from up high .
we went to the beach on our vacation .
the beach was not far from our room , which were right on the water front .
we played on the beach .
we let the tide pull the sand away from our toes .
we even rode the ferris wheel before we went back to our room .
today we went on vacation to a city close to the beach .
while walking along the beach we found some beautiful homes next to the sand .
the day was sunny and so nice to be on the beach .
walking in the sand with the water hitting our feet felt so relaxing .
at the end of our day we came across an amusement park with a ferris wheel .
this figurine was left when the carnival left .
they also left this ride when they went out of business .
the wheel was the nicest part of the carnival .
the poles that supported the structure were so big .
the statue was auctioned off last week .
today we stumbled across an abandoned amusement park .
there was bare wiring everywhere it was very dangerous in hind sight .
there was alot of old rides and many sights to be seen .
as well as alot of old broken down attractions .
we waved our fairwell to the pig headed cartoon statue on our departure .
we were setting up the fair for its first day in time .
we had to test the rides .
some were scarier than others .
we also had to replace some of the lights .
when we finished , everything looked like fun .
my day at the theme park started with a warm welcome .
the coasters were empty and there were no lines .
i ended up on a platform i 'm normally not allowed to walk on .
this is the tallest attraction in the theme park .
it was n't until the end of the day that i realized this theme park was empty .
at the entrance of the park we came across this statue of a pig in a suit .
are are about to get on our favorite ride that spun us around so fast .
we took a picture of the roller coaster before we went up in the air .
this ride was so scary . it took us so high up in the air .
at the end of our day we found this interesting statue of a pharaoh .
a few of my friends met at a park the other day .
this was a roller coaster at the park .
we had to go up a long way to get to the top .
when we got off the other roller coaster , we went on this new one they had .
then we went to the restaurant and got a good meal before going home .
last night i broke the news ... we are going to the amusement park tomorrow !
they wouldnt believe me until we actually arrived .
unfortunatley the ride we were on got stuck upside down . we were there for 30 whole minutes ! talk about head rush .
they finally got us to a point where we could walk down .
we got home with a new found love for life and not being upiside down .
the party was filled with freshmen .
we decided to go ride coasters .
one coaster was very grand .
the second one was a little more exciting .
after coasters , we ate lunch outside .
here we all trying to make our plan of attack for our day at park .
we saw this from the parking lot . i got so hyped to be here right from the start .
walking up from the parking lot we saw this on when we where at the gate .
this is the first one we got on . when i saw it i knew that had made a good plan .
we had lunch together . we where talking about what was going to happen next .
my buddies and i got together and decided to visit the local theme park .
we had to sit down and wait for a couple guys .
i made everyone go on the biggest roller coaster there !
we were whooping on the way up and screaming on the way down .
some of the guys needed to sit down for a rest afterwards .
today we went to the winter carnival .
it was very chilly out so we stopped at organization for a hot cup of coffee .
next we went on the giant ferris wheel .
then we rode horses on the carousel .
before we left , we went on the ferris wheel one last time .
my mother and her friends were at the park the other day .
when the sun went down it seemed that the whole city lit up .
there was a display at this store that had everyone interested .
the line to get in was really long from what i heard .
but eventually everyone got in before they closed it and they all went home with a great memory .
at the venue , there we 're a lot of people .
many people laughed outside .
closer to the exit was this well lit wheel .
my friend wanted to ride the carousel .
i chose to ride the wheel twice .
we walked past this fair on the way to the movies .
we did not know that it was going to be so close to the theater .
everything was so big here . i did no know how i could take it all in . i just felt so small .
you could see the fair that was behind the theater .
here we are going to get some coffee , and to take a break from all of the walking we did .
for christmas eve we went down town to see the christmas tree .
many people were there to see it as well .
as an attraction the town put up a organization wheel near the dock and
a carousel .
we rode the ferris wheel multiple times .
my daughter smiled so hard in this photo .
the carnival was so fun yet so busy .
my wife was happy that we could finally vacation together .
my daughter turned around and thanked me for the trip .
we all slid down the slide together at the end .
today my daugher is with me so we ...
went to the street fair ! we got to ride the sky chairs .
she got a cartoon drawn .
we got carmal apple and she made sure to tell her mom she wasnt having too much sugar .
she was sad to leave but i reassured her we would be back soon .
i had fun today at the fair my grandma brought me and i am all smiles .
the fair is pretty big and all kinds of amusements .
here is my grandma getting us some of that great fair food .
after eating i would now recommend not going on the swings . they were still really fun though .
th gunny sack slide was fast and if you win the race you get a prize .
[female] was excited to go to the fair today .
we had to figure out first what we should do , since there was so much to do .
here we are waiting to get into the fair .
this was the first ride we went on for the day .
[female] was the most excited to go on this ride , so i took a picture of her from the bottom .
today was [female] 's first time visiting the local fair .
this year 's fair seemed bigger than the last .
even aunt [female] came all the way down here to join us .
[female] had fun on the huge swing and
the water slide .
a few of my friends invited me out to a festival a few days ago .
we went water skiing before we went to the festival .
my friend was a really good bike rider and showed us some neat tricks that day .
we finally made it to the festival and did all kinds of fun things .
we watched the fireworks display right before we went home .
at the lake , we saw this man skiing .
we went to the park to watch extreme sports .
after the park , my friends and i went to the carnival .
we rode the wheel together .
then we took a picture together to celebrate the night .
my friends and i went to the beach last week .
in the beginning of the day we rode water skis .
we then went bike riding and did tricks .
we came across a fair where they had a high organization wheel to ride on .
later , at the end of the night they hadfire works to end the show .
today is the 4th of july . its always been a family day for fun , carnivals , and fireworks to end the day . the family was excited to start the day .
first came watching water skiing and the stunt jumpers . although 14 year old ingvold insisted she was old enough to try , mom and dad felt differently . ice cream soothed ingvold 's upset and pouty face .
then , as they were enjoying the ice cream and working their way towards the rides , they came upon a stunt man on a simply built bicycle . they stopped and watched him for a while , and were totally amazed that he did n't hurt himself when performing some of those dangerous tricks .
upon arriving at the carnival , the family decided to go on some rides first , then play some quieter games , and then eat dinner . they agreed that having dinner first was not a good idea , because some of the rides could cause upset . ingvold especially enjoyed the dutch apple waffle that she had for dessert .
as it started to get dark , the family found a place to sit on the grass right near the water . they spread the blanket that dad had been carrying around all day , and sat down to enjoy the `` topping '' to their day . the town always put on a great fireworks display , and tonite was no exception . it was beautiful , exciting and colorful . people talked about the excitement for days afterward .
i made two friends in science and we wanted to hang out .
the boat went a lot faster than we anticipated .
we watched a professional bike rider do tricks at a park .
the amusement park had a lot of food that i ended up eating .
fireworks were the perfect way to end our day together .
the oktoberfest was so much fun this year !
there was german foods and of course , a lot of beer !
by the beer , there was a roller coaster called the `` munchun '' , that had many loops .
over by the food there was a little train that circled a gnome village .
but by far , the most exciting part of the day was riding on the tower of death !
this swing is really awesome to be under .
the coasters were very thrilling to watch and ride .
the wheel was enormous and i did not ride it .
the statue was beautiful and we took a picture with it .
the last stop was the garden which was nice to admire too .
me and the family spent the day at an amusement park and had a blast !
the lines were super long though unfortunately .
my brother was too afraid to get on this one but i dragged him on anway .
this was more my moms pace , still a nice little exhibit .
my brother is afraid of heights but again i pushed him on . time to man up buddy .
[male] and [male] went to a fair on friday .
there were lot of people there in the field .
a big roller coaster was set up in the middle of the fair .
there were also other ride to play on .
thankfully the last ride was the scariest ride that i refused to go on , was the one that went straight up and dropped down quickly .
this was opening day of the new amusement park .
people turned out in droves to see what the park had to offer .
the main draw of the park was the new curly mustache roller coaster .
for the young children , the park had an area for them to play .
the needle point ride was the most exciting ride for most people and the highest ride in the park .
i got to go to location location this summer .
i saw the location location location .
i got a shot of myself while i was there .
you can see the city from the bridge .
then we went to the location walk of fame where i got a shot of [male] marleys ' star .
a man did a tour of location location , traveling to location .
later the man went to location .
the man continued to location location , where he snapped a picture of the location location bridge .
the man posed next to location stars in location location .
the man also traveled to location in location .
as part of my trip to location , i visited location location .
i went to see the location location location up close .
i had a friend of mine take a picture of me next to it .
later , we went down to the waterfront to see the skyline .
i found the [male] [female] star in the sidewalk and posed next to it .
we took a trip to location .
first we found the location location location .
then we stopped to take some pictures .
the whole family was there .
after that we went down the walk of fame .
finally getting to sightseeing in location location . this was a neat prospective .
location location , what a beauty .
[male] was so excited to see it .
group shot ! impressive skyline .
[male] [female] ! [male] was in heaven .
the fireworks are so beautiful .
the fireworks look like a huge ball .
the fireworks are above the green lights .
the fireworks barely missed the blue lights .
the fireworks are beautiful with the blue lights hitting them .
for the fourth of july all my friends got together .
they gathered to see the fireworks .
they were such a beautiful sight .
the explosions were really loud .
my friends and i were really impressed by the final fireworks .
i met up with my friends to eat dinner and celebrate the 4th of july .
we went outside to watch the fireworks display .
everybody ooh-ed and ahh-ed as the fireworks lit up the sky .
the show was absolutely spectacular , and was punctuated by rockets .
at the end , the spotlights lit up the night sky with fireworks exploding overhead .
we watched the fireworks after dark .
there was large blue fireworks .
then there was some white ones .
after that they had some green ones .
then they lit a bunch of fireworks all at once .
the fireworks show is finally getting started .
blue my favorite color .
felt like a rock show with the lights added .
the perfect shot . love the skyline in the background .
the beginning of the finally . [female] i can still hear after this .
[male] and his girl were going to spend the 4th of july at the amusement park .
they are loaded onto the ferris wheel , unaware that it was invented by a man named ferris in 1896 .
the view from the top and the peace they experience makes it a great ride .
after dark , the fireworks begin .
they rush to get closer because nothing beats a live view of fireworks . they have enjoyed themselves and thought about the birthday of our nation as they spent their day .
the day at the amusement park started with the silver streak .
the kids enjoyed the ferris wheel ride .
the next stop was the haunted castle .
the dragon ride was fun and the kids squealled the whole time .
the grand finale of the day was fireworks and sparklers . it was a great day .
i went down to visit an old amusement park one day .
they had a really large ferris wheel that people could ride .
i am afraid of heights and was too scared to go up in it .
at night , the park put on a fireworks show .
everybody ooh-ed and ahh-ed as the fireworks lit up the sky .
at the fair , we found a fun spinning ride .
after that we rode the ferris wheel .
then we found a really cool dragon ride .
riding the dragon ride it was so fun .
after dark everyone watched the fireworks .
instead of the usual cook out , we decided to spent the fourth of july at the amusement park .
the ferris wheel is my favorite since i 'm not fond of roller coaster .
the line was long but we waited patiently to get on .
as night fell , the fireworks started up . they get more impressive every year .
i got creative by combining 2 photos . it needs more work , though .
we planned a surprise family reunion at the location location location .
mom and dad did n't suspect a thing .
the big surprise was all of their brother 's and sisters , grandchildren , nieces and nephews at our reserved tent .
the refreshments provided by the park were great .
the best part was having fun on the amusement park rides with everyone in the family .
we decided to take a trip to an amusement park with my parents .
my husband was acting childish the entire day , saying he always gets that way at parks .
my parents enjoyed their time but began to get tired as the day wor
we rode the swings at night with the lights on .
the riva was the place we stayed at overnight .
my parents and i went to visit a nice waterfront entertainment area .
my mom insisted on taking a picture of my brother to show people how he has grown .
my parents posed together on a bench .
we watched the carnival rides as they were lit up for the evening .
i took a picture of the name of the location so i could remember it forever .
we visited an amusement park with the family .
everyone got to ride the rides .
the whole family had a lot of fun .
then we stopped to enjoy a cold drink .
we ended the day with riding a giant swing ride .
the riva is my family 's favorite place to visit each year .
mom and dad have been coming to the event for years . i think they are getting tired of it .
but not us ! still excited for the food and rides .
hmm , rc cola . we can only get this at the riva , and it is great .
the sun sets on a fun day of riding rides with family !
there were a lot of people at the beach last weekend .
they had put up some statues as well .
the waves were beautiful at nighttime .
they had made a disco floor .
it was a lot of fun .
it was magical how the resort lit up at night .
lights were hidden throughout the facility , changing patterns often .
some patterns were even reflected on the small pond out front .
the whole area was a work of art at night .
this art is truly a masterpiece .
this is a beautiful scene with the lights and the beautiful .
the virgin [female] by the light speaks volumes .
this is a beautiful scene worth waiting for . epic .
i love the color scheme they used and how the lights hit it .
another epic scene and i have to say it 's even more beautiful here .
i wish i had my high school prom here , it was gorgeous .
there were beautiful marble statues around the site .
the beaches had the bluest water i 've ever seen .
the streets looked like something right out of a stage play .
do n't get me started on the dance floor , it looked like you were dancing on flowers .
the stage had many lights
and people singing .
it was bright outside
and the sidewalk was blue
with many red colors as well .
fourth of july at the water way is great .
they light up all the boats and everyone gathers there to watch the fireworks .
and the fireworks do not ever disappoint at all .
they fire them over the water and the reflections look amazing .
and the finales are always awesome as well .
it is a beautiful sunset sky .
everyone is gathered in anticipation .
they are lining up to get on the ferris wheel .
there is also an old steamboat to explore .
what better vantage to watch the fireworks from !
it was snowing on fair day .
we went through the gates with the other people .
when we got in , we saw a big ferris wheel !
i saw a boat parked at the docks , but decided to go check out the fireworks display .
it was an excellent show !
we took a night out today to celebrate july 4th .
everyone was anticipating the fireworks .
it was finally dark enough and the fireworks started to fly .
it was a beautiful sight .
there were fireworks of many kinds .
the skyline was pretty
and people were looking out over it .
the ferris wheel was very impressive
and so were the lights on the bridge
before the fireworks went off again .
we visited the chinese television system building to view their christmas lights .
in the front they had a large christmas tree .
they had posters of the news team all around .
they even had a large marble sculpture on the inside .
they also had a location prop with decorated presents .
it was time for the annual holiday festival .
the festival was filled with christmas themed decorations .
there was also a shop where you could purchase ornaments .
photographers gathered around to take pictures of all the decorations .
santa was also available for children to take photos with .
i work at organization organization organization .
inside was the christmas display .
all around , there are posters of the shows that we 're currently running .
there 's also guardian dog statutes all around .
we all brought presents for the charity drive .
good thing we got out tonight . the city was decorated in amazing lights.o
they had animal decorations everywhere as well .
the inside of the shops looked very good .
we of course took photos to document the entire night ,
they even had detailed scenes laid out everywhere .
the christmas celebration began .
we went around seeing the lights and figures .
we walked down hallways with themed hangers .
i had to refill my camera a few times because there was so much .
we got to see location and his gifts before heading out .
it was a cold and creepy morning
the city was lit up in the night sky
people came from around to see the art
and ride the rides
it was paris the eifle tower was a sight to see
i love to visit location . the city of love .
here is why it 's called the city of lights .
we always plan a trip to the location .
we also try out the rides at the local fair .
but my favorite thing to do is walk through the neighborhood streets and meet the people .
we were so excited to finally make it to location .
of course , we had to go to the location .
the pyramid looked so pretty at night .
the ferris wheel looked so pretty also , but we had our sights set on something greater .
we finally made it to the location location !
it was always my dream to see the eiffel tower , and on my vacation my dream came true .
the city seems to come alive at night time .
there are many friendly individuals that live in this city .
if i did not have a fear of heights , i would love to take a ride on the ferris wheel .
i went for an early morning stroll , and was surprised to not see the sun .
nothing is more symbolic of location than the location location .
however , we soon learned that location had much more to offer .
we spent eight hours at the location museum , but only saw about one-third of what the museum had to offer .
we also took a trip to organization organization , which was surprisingly enjoyable .
the taxis were on strike , so we traveled around the town mostly by metro .
i went to the fair last weekend .
there were a lot of people there .
it was hard to walk around .
the ferris wheel is huge .
i spent some time on the merry-go-round .
the family is having a fun time at the carnival .
they are looking for a ride to ride .
they look and see the merry go round and put their little sister on the ride .
after that they take a picture together .
after the picture it 's time to get some food to eat .
welcome to the carnival .
my brother and i decided to go with my friend and her boyfriend .
here they are trying to win a prize .
look how cute , they won !
i want to play the shooting game .
that evening we went to the local fair .
i invited my friends to come .
my girlfriend and i got separated from the group .
we ended up enjoying the fair together alone .
later we found our friends playing carnival games .
the fair is a very interesting place .
it is a place where friends can come together
and cultivate relationships .
sometimes you can go on rides with friends and see which ones are adventurous and fearless .
sometimes you can go on easier rides for relaxing fun and make memories .
when our baby finally arrived i took him for a walk around the neighborhood .
i had a great time .
i showed him all the nearby places .
and all the big buildings .
i also showed him nature .
the large circular building was seen from a distance behind the trees .
the gated building was magnificent .
the large tower was amazing on that beautiful day .
the exotic tropical trees skied above the ground .
the cocowalk was favorite place to go and hang out .
it was important to grab some shade on such a hot day .
there were some nice buildings along the way .
this structure in the distance was a real eye-grabber !
up close it was just as majestic .
and the landscaping was amazing , truly a fun day .
the day was beautiful , the family decided to walk around town and enjoy the day .
the old plantations were fun to look at .
the old fountain in the middle of the road was fun for the kids to splash around in .
the boys thought the old trees would be fun to climb up in .
it was time for lunch .
this scene was absolutely breath taking !
after that , we strolled by this elegant house !
then we walked by this beautiful tower !
later on we went by this gorgeous road !
and finally we stopped at this wonderful place !
it was time for the winter wonderland festival .
there were plenty of holiday decorations .
a large crowd arrived to look at the christmas lights .
there was also a lot of art available to look at .
there was a organization wheel available to ride as well .
winter wonderland is my favorite place .
the decorations are amazing .
we looked at a great nativity .
there was a big beautiful statue .
even the carosuel was lit up .
our town had a winter event just before christmas last year .
there were angel cutouts in the bushes .
the angels led us to a nativity scene .
further in , there was a craft fair with beautiful wares .
the carnival rides for the kids young and old were festive and brightly lit .
winter wonderland again this year .
the angels sang and lit up ,
while the lights all around shone .
we picked up some knick knacks ,
before getting on the ferris wheel .
walking in a winter wonder land , the song played in her head .
oh the angels , how cute .
the lights .
she could find unusual gifts .
and of course the rides .
i love fireworks .
boom boom pow .
wow that is pretty .
i love the sounds .
it was epic .
the firework was unreal as it magically exploded in the air .
the multiple fired shots of fireworks is seen launching .
the fireworks were intense and very bright .
many different fireworks clustered together in a breathtaking view .
a lone firework lit up that magical night .
we enjoyed the fireworks show . this one looks like the top of a palm tree .
this firework seems a bit scattery .
it 's always great when they shoot off a whole bunch of them at once .
the smokey background makes this firework even more awesome .
the bent ends on this one make it appear as a multi legged creature .
it was 4th of july weekend and the fireworks were ready .
there were so many different kinds of fireworks .
there was one that looked like mini spiders .
there was also ones that looked like giant palm trees .
overall , the fireworks were spectacular .
the fireworks were huge
and many bright colors .
they made static
and were very impressive
in the night sky .
the fireworks were gorgeous .
i bought a new camera for the event .
i wanted to capture them as clearly as possible .
it was a lot of fun .
afterward it was very smoky .
watching fireworks is an experience
there are so many different kinds
the colors are breath taking
and you never know what you will see
i hope to see more later
i went to the fireworks show the other night .
i had a great time watching the brilliant colors in the sky .
the red ones were y favorite , since that is the color i like the most .
i also liked the ones that had multiple bursts in them , as they are the loudest too .
it was just a really nice and entertaining way to spend an evening with some friends .
the fireworks started big .
every moment was as epic as the last .
you kept expecting it to slow down .
but then it would just get bigger .
finally , the last big firework went off .
the fireworks started right after dark .
our bellies were full from our delicious barbeque earlier .
while enjoying the beautiful show , someone flew a drone overhead .
i hope the drone owner posts the video online .
i 'd love see this again from a different perspective .
as i set aside and listened to the long whistles and booms along came red .
long dashes of blue spreading long and high across the sky .
high dashes of rainbows cleared the sky .
the sky was beautifully lit up with a rainbow of colors .
once that line of dashes was over bright blue colored round shot abouts started .
we saw an incredible fireworks display
it was the best i have ever seen
i will always remember it
there were so many colors
it was just amazing
the city is hosting a fireworks display .
people from all the surrounding towns have come to watch the display .
the 4th of july displays are always very popular .
the grand finale is happening in this shot .
a lot of work was put into this year 's fireworks display .
there are hardly many visual displays quite like fireworks .
their explosive characteristics make them unpredictable by nature .
some fireworks are bursting with color
while others simply light up the sky .
fireworks are a celebratory display that appropriately capture the mood .
the family went to local fireworks show on the 4th of july .
the display was really amazing .
it got surprisingly bright with all of the fireworks going off .
the show lasted for over an hour .
the grand finale was really a spectacle to behold .
i had a great day in location .
i got some of my favorite food , from my favorite restraunt .
then i went to a great little store .
later i walked long the river .
at the end of the day i met my girlfriend [female] at a concert in the park .
we just went on our first trip to location location !
here is xiong in front of the temple !
here is ming eating dinner in location location .
xiong was excited to be in front of this convenience store .
later , we went to a huge concert and had so much fun !
today i met char for the first time .
here he is in front of the shinobi house .
he took this photo of me eating egg rolls .
and look , here he is in front of the organization organization store .
we ended the night by going to a [male] bieber concert .
enjoying some time with my boyfriend .
my boyfriend just got out of class .
dinner time ! i love eating at this restaurant .
time to do some shopping .
enjoying a concert to end a wonderful day out .
spending time in the city was fun .
we ate so much .
the shops were unique .
the city has a ton of buildings .
we enjoyed time to rest .
inside the light show , it was an amazing sight .
the lights were disorienting and people seem confused .
especially , the little baby boy !
torrie had enough and began looking for an exit .
and she was so happy when she finally made it outside .
[male] went to play in the tunnels with his friends .
inside the tunnels it was colorful and dark .
the tunnels were long and [male] thought he was going to get lost .
he found his friends at the end of one of the tunnels .
the coolest part of the tunnels to [male] was the design of the patterns inside the tunnels .
we visited a festival with an unusual funhouse .
the lights were pretty cool but it was very odd .
i 'm not sure if he was enjoying it or bored by it .
the floor was soft so you could scoot around on your behind or lay on the floor .
from the outside , it did n't look that unusual .
the play pit is well lit .
i do n't mind the children playing .
they love it .
it is a lot of fun for little work .
outside you would never know this place exists .
there were many people at the event
and there were pretty colors .
there were greens
and reds
and blue lines .
a view of the satellites on top of the building .
the satellites were heavily secured by barb wired fencing .
the satellite from behind appears to be facing the sun .
the warnings of the are are displayed by the sign .
the three satellites are seen from a distance with the building in the background .
this is organization satellites .
they are searching for intelligent life in space .
hoping there is some aliens somewhere out there listening .
the future is now with this amazing technology .
the team at organization is very proud of their work .
amazing how big these things are .
boy security around here is not to be messed with
the question remains `` did et phone home ? ''
sign is very hard to read .
how far away from civilization this place is .
we took the weekend off to visit one of the oldest satellite stations in location .
the satellites were all pointing the same direction .
it was definitely a beautiful sight .
fortunately , it was a nice and beautiful day outside .
we took many pictures of the dishes .
the dishes were massive
and on the buildings .
they were looking out to the sky
and they were easy to see
because of how big they were .
we went to location location to enjoy a baseball game .
i was rooting for my favorite team the organization organization organization .
we enjoyed a nice father daughter day at the game .
we had great seats right near the home plate .
the food was also great .
i went to the stadium today .
i wanted to see the ball game .
there were many people in the stands .
everyone wanted the game to begin .
it was an exciting match .
we got to the stadium and waited .
it took forever just to get inside .
once there , we found our seats .
the baseball game began and the crowd cheered .
we got some food and watched the game .
arriving at location park for the big game and i ca n't wait .
here we are in the arena and it 's even more beautiful in person .
selfie flick and we are loving this game .
play ball ! the stadium was packed like it should be .
what 's a ball game without without a hot dog ! yum ! ! !
excitement was high for the game to start .
the jumbotron caught everyone 's attention , but most of the focus was still on the game .
these two ha a lot of fun bonding over the day !
the seats were great , very close to the action .
and of course the food was very tasty !
when visiting location , we went to a quirky amusement park .
a popular ride there was the ferris wheel .
one attraction was an old time movie theater which had a piped organ that played .
there was also a spooky haunted house .
my favorite was the disco speed ride . the cars raced quickly around the track while popular disco songs played . it was the most unique amusement park i had ever been to .
the fair was the place to be at this time of year .
we played games and won stuffed animals for the children .
inside of the haunted mansion there were freaky statues that actually seemed to stare at us .
we decided to go on a kiddie ride after that .
and [female] got her picture taken before we left .
the carnival was a visual masterpiece this year .
the ferris wheel was huge , bigger than last year .
the funhouse was cool , but creepy looking .
the inside was very creepy ! there was a mannequin that we thought was real !
at the end of the night we rode the ferris wheel , and looked down at all the bright and beautiful lights .
the murky lighting gave the place a cool atmosphere .
there were many prizes to win and fun to be had .
this was a bit creepy , i had to say !
but a lot of the designs were really intricate and cool .
this one in particular was a favorite .
there were stunt cars .
games for people of all ages .
of course the haunted house was always a big hit .
activities for the young children .
and of course the children .
our cruise landed us at location harbor for the day .
we toured the sites and took many photos including this amusement park on the waterfront .
we went on a tour of the harbor on a boat just like the this one .
we cruised past the location harbor bridge .
where we waited for sunset to capture this wonderful image of the famous location opera house .
there is a long bridge connecting the two cities .
the city is located right next to the water .
visitors can take a boat to visit the city .
another option is to drive over the bridge .
at night , the building looks very shining and white in the moon light .
the river ride was peaceful .
we passed by the city ,
on our way across the bay .
we went under the bridge .
headed to the organization organization organization .
we crossed the bridge into the city .
it looked amazing while we did .
off to the side , we could see boats in the bay .
the bridge itself was a sight to behold .
we got into the city , and saw some of the local sites .
initially , it appeared that the weather would not cooperate with our boat tour .
however , the clouds cleared and we got to see beautiful views of the skyline .
we ventured around the city to see many sites .
as we passed under a bridge , we came upon the highlight of the tour .
we got to see the location location location .
flying into location the view is so spectacular !
i love to see the skyline .
my fist stop is always the organization organization organization .
and of course we have to visit the space needle .
location at night is a wonder to behold . i ca n't wait to come back .
i went to the city last weekend .
there was a lot of traffic .
the sky was very cloudy .
when i got to the pier it cleared up a little .
but i could still see some storm clouds ahead .
this is our landing to location for the annual trip .
this is the river bank where we stayed ,
and here is the public market that was the concert venue .
location is very beautiful .
this is the cityline at night .
the scenery was breathtaking .
the city looked so nice from afar .
the streets were welcome to new visitors .
iconic areas still stood strong .
at night it looked so great all lit up .
the view from the plane is breathtaking .
the skyline is absolutely fantastic .
on our way to check out the market center .
the view from here makes me feel tiny .
the night skyline is magical .
we decided to have a bonfire .
by nightfall , our fire for the bonfire was pretty noticeable .
it kept growing larger and larger .
the fire was enchanting as it grew .
it was so enchanting we decided to light fireworks and dance around it .
getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july on the beach .
started the evening with a fish bake and grill .
flares were lit to start the festivities .
a great bonfire soon developed .
just in time for the true fireworks .
we went to a party on the beach to celebrate the new year !
someone started a bonfire .
the winds kicked it up a notch .
we were n't sure it was going to be safe to stand too close to ! this was n't your average bonfire !
then it was time for fireworks , which were n't nearly as dangerous as that bonfire !
it was time to view an awesome fireworks show !
we were ready for an awesome spectacle !
we watched as the fireworks blazed through the sky !
the sky was filled with so many colors !
the fireworks exploded and left us in awe ! what a wonderful trip !
location location was such a peaceful place the morning of july 4 .
we barbecued an entire pig in the afternoon and partied with family and friends .
sadly , the night turned ugly as the fireworks on the beach set some nearby brush on fire .
the fire quickly got out of control .
who would have thought that something as beautiful as this could turn so ugly ?
a group of tourists came to a new city to explore .
they were excited to try all different kinds of exotic foods .
a chef cooked their dinner right in front of them .
they were able to select what food they wanted fresh .
they ate their dinner outside on the city streets .
visiting the town .
the restaurant where we will eat at .
the chef serving the food .
pineapple fruit desert .
night life in location .
we had a long way to go before we got to the food .
but the very first meal was worth it , even if i could n't name most of the pieces .
the vendors helped me and in return , i gladly bought what i could eat .
everything looked so good and hot .
after sitting down for a real meal , it was sad to think the night was over .
my first trip out of the country was fun . my wife was my guide .
she told me to just jump on in and try the cuisine . i was leery of the street vendors .
this outdoor restaurant was very popular , and my wife assured me the food was safe and delicious .
they did have a clean restaurant . everything was spotless .
here is a view of the outdoor restaurant from the corner of the street .
on our vacation we visited this historic town in the mountains .
we decided to visit a local food district recommended by a guide .
the dishes were prepared right in front of us , they all looked delicious .
dessert helped complete the meal .
we went dancing at a night club after dinner .
me and my girl friends went on a trip to location .
the lights in the city were so bright and beautiful .
even the organization sign was lit up with brilliance .
we decided to go to the casino and spend more money .
inside the casino was even more beautiful .
the casino was up in lights in the night time .
the casino entrance was illuminated and easy to find .
the carpet was red and fancy .
inside the main room , the tile had a yellow glow .
one of the buildings had a teal glow on the outside .
location location has a bustling light life .
people come from all over the location to gamble .
there are other things to do in location location as well .
there are shows , restaurant , and shops .
overall location location is a popular vacation spot .
it was time for location location ! !
they were very excited to see all the lights and to gamble the night way .
even the organization 's sign was all sparkly .
it was time to check into the hotel .
the lobby was huge and led them to the casino to gamble !
i go to location location at least once a year and always stay at location location .
that 's not to say there are n't other great places on the location location strip .
i simply like location location best because it is across the street from a 24-hour organization 's .
during my last trip to location location i actually spent the majority of my time gambling at the mgm grand .
the mgm grand is gorgeous on the inside and makes you feel like you are enormously wealthy .
i went to work today .
my office building was recently built .
there were some fancy designs in it .
i really like it .
it 's my new favorite place .
location has some of the most visually stunning hotels
its almost like being in a video game
i ca n't believe how trippy it is
i would go there again
and the outside is incredible
the textures and shapes of this building 's inside design was really intriguing .
the pillars used a theme of curved etchings in glass that were lighted from behind .
the wave patterns created a sense of movement in the ceiling .
the offset light fixtures at the edges of the circles made it feel like one was in a planetarium .
this is me after taking pictures all day .
the hotel lobby was very modern .
there were beautiful pieces of art all over .
even the lights on the ceilings were art .
[male] looked up at the ceiling in his room .
he was happy he picked such a beautiful place to stay .
stunning , simply stunning .
it almost looked like a city at night .
but it was his newest achievement .
designed 100 % by none other than him .
this should cement his place among the likes as [male] [male] wright .
the building we were in was very weird .
i could n't find my way around .
it was very strange .
i got lost many times .
it was a lot of fun .
today we are attending an indoor light show .
the colors created by this light show seem like a real life spider web .
this one puzzled me , however , the bright colors entice me .
thus one seemed to take on a life like format .
i got a bit uneasy with this one , as it was reminiscent of a mammogram
these were some pictures i took in a dome near my home .
the inside looked like you were on drugs . it looked pretty cool .
everyone blending in with each other . i almost lost everyone !
where did you go ? some on guys..
the place overall was very cool .
there once was a dumpy place .
it transformed into a vortex of color .
the vortex was constantly changing .
it was nearing the end .
and you could finally see the light at the end of the tunnel .
we decided to check out an art installation this past weekend .
it was very unique and creative .
and maybe a little bit bizarre .
we walked around inside of it so i guess we were part of the show .
it blew my mind and inspired me to be more creative .
fireworks over organization are some of the best fireworks .
there wre all different colors . my husband liked the white ones the best .
my son liked the bluish ones .
my daughter liked the zig zag ones , no matter the colors .
my favorite ones were the starburst fireworks .
we embarked on the river in our small boats .
we rode all night until we were too tired to go any farther .
we rested at a seaside shack ... i watched for the fish .
and , then we resumed our trip and pulled into the bridge that night and had the view we had wished for all along .
when we returned to the shack that night ... i felt blessed for the day .
we followed along the fence .
it was pretty flimsy and old .
we got to the garden looked around a bit .
then headed on the road toward the river .
we hung out there until nightfall .
the water 's is so calm at this time of night .
i love the way the sun shine 's across the water .
whoa , the banister 's about to fall apart .
the lit up bridge looks great with all the colors .
looking at the calm water to help relax me
i went with my friend to ride on a boat .
we rode until later afternoon just as the sun was setting .
we passed by an old iron bridge that looked worn down .
the bridge towered above us lighting up the dark sky .
we decided to row back home and pass by the old iron bridge again .
the entrance showed another picture of the famous chef .
we went down the escalator to make our way outside .
on the way we passed the hard rock caf .
we made it out to where the ferry was waiting .
before boarding i took another photo with the famous chef .
there is a poster on the city wall advertising a new cafe .
the buildings on the streets have big lighted up logos .
there is even a boat lighted up with green lights on the water .
next to the water , there is a ferris wheel .
at night , the organization wheel is very bright and can be seen from a far distance .
i was so excited to try the food .
i had to save enough room to hold food from the location location location , of course .
after we left , a green-light ship caught my attention .
then i relaxed and watched the light in the distance .
as we retired for the night , i looked back to remember how beautiful the city was .
last night i had some good chinese food .
then i went to hard rock for some drinks .
after that i explored the city and saw this beautiful boat .
next i took a ride on the ferris wheel .
the skyline looked gorgeous .
he had heard that this was one of the best places to eat .
the setting was wonderful .
they had a hard rock cafe that he wanted to try the next night .
the boat was fun to eat on .
he got a picture with a picture of his favorite chef .
during the day , hamsot , location is a quiet , respectable city .
it is home to many historical buildings .
however , at night , it becomes quite a party city . there are restaurants and pubs all along the street .
the city becomes aglow with lights .
there 's even a colorful ferris wheel . it 's such an interesting place to visit .
we stayed at a beautiful house downtown .
we immediately went to see the decorations , i loved the blue tree there .
i love watching buildings like this .
once it got dark , it was even more beautiful .
the lights were everywhere , it really looked great !
on our tour , we saw grand old houses from a bygone era .
this old architecture is not just great but very artistic in nature .
the night neon city lights have a warm feel about as we walked beneath .
the lights reflecting on the water gave us a calm feeling .
the other neon lights of the carnival rides gave us a feeling of festivity and fun !
this city has magnificent buildings and houses where people live here for the night life .
there are big buildings and awesome opportunities in this city .
the night life here there are a lot of things to do .
the lights and people that come here to visit is abundant .
there are fairs and festivals all the time . there is never not something to do for people of all ages .
the house was old
but the tree was pretty .
there were many old homes
by the big ferris wheel
in the colorful district .
we took the boys out for a family day-out .
we went to the carnival and rode rides .
our oldest son rode with his mom on the tea cup .
our youngest son rode with dad .
they had a great time .
the family visits an bemusement park .
little [male] can hardly contain his excitement inside the ride .
dad and little [male] on the ride together .
life could n't get much better than this [male] thought .
after the ride the two brothers posed for a picture .
i took my two sons to the carnival .
they rode the carousel a bunch of times .
we had a lot of fun on the rides !
my husband had a lot of fun , too .
it was a great day spent as a family .
i promised my sons we 'd go to the park .
they were excited to ridge the carousel .
next we rode the tilt-a-whirl .
we had a lot of fun .
the best part was seeing the smiles on my son 's faces .
lil [male] 's dream was finally becoming a reality . he was gon na ride a carousel .
[male] smiled at the camera as he waited for the teacup he was sitting in to begin moving .
he saw other people in the seats around him holding on tightly .
as the ride started [male] tried to force himself to maintain a smile .
when the ride ended [male] could only stare and consider how disappointing the carousel had been .
the bridge led to the city where we were visiting that day .
the streets were empty in the deserted town .
the trees were seen next to the lakes on the cold day .
the old deserted building once stood proud .
a statue carved in wood near some exotic plants .
i stumbled upon a ghost town today .
the bridge leading to it was completely devoid of cars .
the lawns and houses had objects , but no people . so i began worrying about what happened .
there was a story everywhere in this town .
eventually i had to pull out my camera and take photos .
we started up the road towards the ghost town .
as we left the city , we noted the last person we saw the entire day .
as we passed the lake , we felt peaceful and serene .
the ghost town was finally upon us . the dead trees gave us the feeling right away .
we finally found what we were looking for , the omega face in the ghost town .
i went on a vacation to a quiet town .
lots of the buildings had a lot of character .
the lake near my hostel was gorgeous .
this building looked sort of eerie .
i am not sure what this statue meant but it looked cool .
we drove from the airport in location to a small town in location .
unsurprisingly , i could n't read any of the signs .
it was okay though because we were less interested in the local businesses than we were in nature .
i really wanted to go up to this building to see what was inside but did n't have the guts .
someone awfully talented must live in that building though because this sculpture is awesome .
at the amusement park , they could see the roller coaster in the distance .
there many were brightly colored balloons hung in the tree .
the house that they passed by had brightly colored paint .
they kept walking until they reached a grassy field .
two couples were seen in the distance near the gazebo .
this is the coolest coaster .
it 's located in another country though .
the have a celebration tree .
when babies are born they do the same with pacifiers .
ending the evening looking out at the water helps you wind down .
if one looks thinks of art as anything and everything , it makes life a bit more fun .
seeing the art in national symbols helps develop our vision of those nations .
seeing a tree and filling it with art brings a little more life to the natural beauty of things .
some art is very vague
while others is just the natural art of life .
a day in the country with my family
balloons filled the tree with color
the old house with the red color was very nice .
i liked this plant it seemed very different .
finally we relaxed in the gazebo .
just looking at this ride made us dizzy
this was such a great idea .
not sure if a house or a barn .
these little flowers were all over the place .
taking a break at the end of the day .
i had a great time on vacation .
there were very strange buildings nearby .
the ferris wheel was white .
it was also huge .
i bought some souvenirs while i was there .
[female] went into the city to take some pictures she snapped one of this art on the wall .
next she took this picture of a clock in the fog .
after that she stepped back and took another photo of the downtown area .
after that she headed over and snapped a picture of the ferris wheel .
after that she see this amazing painting in an art museum and she had to take a picture .
early in the morning , i woke up in my hotel , ready to start my new journey in the foreign city .
i first visited the business center , which glowed under the morning fog . i ate a quick breakfast at the cafe in one of the buildings .
i enjoyed a fun day wandering around the city , until it grew dark . i found the ferris wheel and started to take pictures of it .
the ferris wheel was large and looming , a stark white against the night sky . it was immobile for the night , so i got a lot of great pictures .
at the end of the day , i returned to my hotel room and thought about my next journey . i would be going to the city 's historical site to see ancient carvings . i was pretty excited .
she was an artist .
she got inspiration from every where , including the sky .
or a skyline .
lights in particular .
carvings often gave her new ideas .
the room was dimly lit as they looked up at their window .
overlooking the city at night is beautiful .
capturing huge structures that 's so grand .
the gigantic ferries wheel they all wanted to get on .
ancient structures that 's on a wall .
i went out today .
i saw some electricity .
i also bought an egg robot .
when i was heading back i saw a bathtub .
i bought a spoon full of buttons .
[female] makes crafts and sells them at the flea market .
she has made some very interesting crafts and made quite the profit .
a recent craft she made sold for five hundred dollars .
one of her projects is even on display in a museum .
her latest project is for sale now at the local flea market where she hopes to cash in big .
this was my first day making household art .
here was my first piece . i call it `` cheerleader in peril ''
this one was based on the thought that gears are in our heads .
this was made using nothing but cereal boxes .
look at these buttons that were left over , those could be nice to use on a dress .
we were walking back to our hotel .
then we saw lightning flow across !
back inside , we worked on an egg .
and went to the amusement park section .
and ate buttons for breakfast , yum !
i was vacationing in location location and decided to kick off my sight seeing by going to a hands on musuem where i got to use a computer .
i enjoyed looking at the modern art at the museum .
there were many interesting pieces of art in the museum that were similar , yet different .
i really liked this example of architecture that was on display .
at the end of the day i went back to my hotel and looked through my collection of small buttons that i like to bring with me when i travel .
after the fundraising there was a dance that our band played at .
the guitar player was having a good night and wowed the audience .
the drummer had no problem laying down the perfect beats .
the band was really playing tight that evening .
the acoustics in the room were perfect for our band and music .
we went to see our local band last night .
the guitarist played his soul out .
the drummer was very talented .
[female] watched the show in awe .
at the end of the show the lead guitarist threw his guitar to the floor and played it .
went to a club and saw the weirdest thing . a wonder wheel , spin it and win soemthing .
got to finally get in and saw a guitar playing band .
they sang really good songs .
see , i was way into this .
the love ballad got me hooked . i want the cd .
first the singer took the stage .
then the guitar ripped out .
the drummer was last and brought the sound together .
we watched in aw of the performance .
the performers did great and the show went on .
the band performed admirably on stage .
the guitarist in the band played with exception precision .
the drumming kept the beat impeccably as the others played off of his cadence .
fans in the audience were taken back by how much their music resonated .
following the concert . the guitarist began packing up his equipment .
there are so many things to see down by the beach .
they have many very old buildings .
they even have a working trolley system .
the view of the water is amazing here .
it is a really great day to be outside !
it 's fun to enjoy the sites and lights on the boardwalk .
the old rides and sites on the boardwalk evoke a happier time .
the ocean view in the distance is always worth stopping for .
the ocean in the background , the blue sky and white clouds make a perfect background for odd structures .
if the owner wants to get our attention as we stroll on the boardwalk , he has surely done it with this oddity .
we were greeted by this giant train ride when we arrived at the boardwalk .
theres were a lot of cool vintage signs all over .
this is a picture of the ghost train ride that goes around the boardwalk .
the view from the pier is breathtaking .
i took a final picture befoe we left for the day .
first we visited a ride called the ghost train .
then we came to a museum that had many interesting things inside .
we passed by a double decker bus on the road .
after that we visited the beach .
we took pictures to remember our day .
the place was large
and had blue .
the people walked
and saw the vast open
before taking photos .
i went on vacation and took some amazing photos
check out this beautiful flower
i love cactuses so i took this photo too
is n't this a beautiful unique flower plant
i loved photographing this beautiful butterfly
this butterfly is at a cactus garden in location .
there are a lot of pretty flowers this time of year .
other cactus are just nice to look because of their shapes .
some can be more threatening than others if you were to fall on them .
this cactus can grow to be over 10 feet tall if left undisturbed .
my biology class when on a field trip yesterday .
some of the cactus flowers .
we also saw normal looking cactus .
i was shocked to discover there are white cactus .
we also saw many butterflies .
the bee makes it 's way towards a lovely yellow desert flower .
the cactus has decided to grace the landscape with a pink flower .
this cactus has many different sharp spines .
this cactus looks to have a white flower structure .
the butterfly is thirsty for nectar and searches this flower for some .
today we visited a greenhouse . we saw a bee collection pollen !
i loved the color of this flower .
there were so many cacti !
this plant looked strange . i wonder what it was ?
and here 's a butterfly that we saw on another one of the flowers .
we had a a great kick off to the conference
the audience seemed to enjoy the program
we were able to honor some for their achievements
the honorees were able to tell a bit of their story
we wrapped up the day with a special invited guest
the presenter came prepared to talk about `` connect euranet . ''
the room was full of an engaged audience .
the audience listened attentively and politely .
afterwards , they were interviewed on their thoughts .
the presenter had a chance to meet audience members afterwards .
the speaker was prepared to give his speech
the crowd was full of onlookers
a few people were given awards
and they expressed there thanks and gratitude
the event wrapped came to a close
we won tickets today to go see a local tv show
and it was so exciting to see all the background that goes into making a show .
afterwards we were invited to come up and meet the mc .
and then [female] got to stay up there and give a little talk about what we learned .
the announcer looked a little perplexed on what was going on , but he came around quickly .
once a year everyone from my work gets together for an awards show .
everyone sits in the audience waiting to see if their name will get called .
my name is [male] and that is me getting an award for never missing a day of work three years running !
that is my best friend [female] . she has won an award for most ingenious employee for her new technological ideas !
at the end of the awards show , our boss , who is also the host , thanks everyone for being there !
the scouts went on a hike today . it was also a mini training mission .
we were led by our scout leader . he 's a patriotic guy .
one training mission was to race each other through the grass on our bellies .
we had fun too . it was great getting camouflage face paint .
the older guys who have been part of this for years always have a lot of good advice and instruction .
troop leader [male] holding the flag with pride .
the scouts trekking along to the campsite .
a overlook above the campsite showing all of the different troops .
an army instructor teaching an infiltration course at the camp out .
the boys putting their newly learned skills to the test .
the boy scouts troop arrived for camp !
they all hiked into the campsite .
the did drills on the first day .
they also worked on survival skills .
at the end of the weekend , they packed their things up and came home !
there was a lot of patriotism on display .
the scouts marched- it was tough but they would persevere .
the camp was really big and a relief to finally reach .
lecturers captured the attention of all the boys .
and exercise and discipline were key parts of the day .
the scouts made their way to the campsite .
the scout leader held up the american flag proudly .
a bunch of the kids practiced crawling on the ground .
some of them even had their faces painted with mud .
the leaders made a nice lunch for the scouts once camp was set up .
[male] is at a bike place doing bike business .
[male] is having a seat while his bike gets fixed .
[male] finally finds his bike parked with the others .
he wants to leave but people are in his way .
this guy gives [male] a weird look and [male] wants to knock him out .
you 've got to be bundled up for riding your bike at night in the winter . frostbite is no joke .
everyone 's bicycles lined up outside the venue , ready for their night ride .
everyone is gathered before the makeshift stage , where supplies and other sundries are waiting .
announcements are made to the group before the ride .
people discuss the schedule . some might have to take public transportation back home after the ride .
[male] and dusty met at a bar to go over some details
they discussed bikes over a few beverages
they proceeded to go outside to their bikes
there was a crowd of people when they got to their bikes
[male] was eager to get riding with his buddies [male] and [male]
these guys met up to discuss business .
another set of people came in to have a littke something to eat .
outside thefe are bikes parked , a lot of people are riding their bikes everywhere .
it is very dark inside of this place , hopefully i will find who i am looking for .
my friends are a hadful of different types of people .
hey , there is that famous guy , i am going to ask him to sign this for me ... he signed it !
i went and found my friends and had them gather around to see what i just got .
then we went out to get on our bikes and ride to a party .
things seemed fun and everyone seemed nice .
but , then , we looked behind us and saw this freaky guy and ran !
we all got to hear about the soldier 's accomplishments .
sometimes the stories were emotional .
other stories were uplifting .
after hearing what they had done , they were rewarded with a medal .
they were also given a certificate .
today was recognition day for our organization group
officer dudas was handed a certification for civilian service .
he was also given pins for bravery .
officer williams was all smiles when receiving her certification .
at the end of the ceremony , we discussed the group 's achievements , and we were given a final round of applause .
private was reading a letter from home
tears came to their eyes as they read
all of there family members missed them so much
private [male] was about to receive an award
he was awarded with a courage award
everyone was excited to read about how well their team did .
they had all written little notes about each other .
they stood in pairs commending each other for their hard work .
a few of them even received medals .
the whole team got a beautiful certificate for doing a great job .
ok , it says here that you are [male] , is that right ? nice to meet you .
and , if i rub my eyes i see that you are [female] ... glad to have you here with us .
and now to the ceremony , i would like to call stan stevens up to receive your medal .
thanks stan for all the hard work that you have done for us .
now can you pose with your certificate for one last picture for the newsletter .
award ceremony about to start .
many people were attending .
a man receives his award .
he graciously accepts it .
he was very happy at the end .
there was a very important lodge meeting going on tonight .
the members eventually all gathered in place .
the members all did their honary pledge .
the members all watched an important movie .
towards the end of the night the members got certificates .
there was a japan get together of some sort
the japanese gathered around
they stood up for their country 's anthem
watched a brief presentation
and met with officials over dinner
the room was quiet before the conference started .
all of us gathered together and said the pledge .
the man waited to receive a commendation in front of the crowd .
he accepted the commendation gratefully .
he even got a lovely bouquet of flowers at the conference !
wow , when is someone going to start this meeting ?
we are all here with our hands on our heart just waiting .
ok , they are starting . finally !
and thank you for your service and for being here today .
can we pose with some flowers to really get this meeting going today ?
my project was ready , but it needed just a few adjustments before i needed to go up .
i had to hurry to make them just in time .
it was the most stressful day in my life , giving a presentation on law at the university was a privilege only few were given .
the other speakers were far older and more experienced than i was , hearing from them was an amazing bonus .
hearing him speak was probably the pinnacle of my career so far -- here 's to more peaks !
many members of the community gathered in the building to hear keynote speakers .
the topic was `` service to the community '' and everyone was eager to learn what they could do .
the mayor even spoke , letting everyone know they were welcome to be involved .
although some doubted they could have an impact , others were sure they would be able to do something to make a difference .
at the end , a slide was presented with a lot of helpful points .
these computer shows are so awesome .
this one right here , let me tap the key , yes , i want this one .
excuse me sir , do you have this one in red ? i want my laptop to sparkle .
no , we do n't make red ones , i have the paper to prove that we do n't .
whew , it is always my fault when i disappoint someone . this is such a tough job .
i needed a speech fast and i saw a computer .
i looked it up as fast as i could .
i memorized it .
i gave the speech as if i wrote it .
everyone was really happy with it .
today , the volunteer group are teaching seniors how to use the internet .
with a few clicks , over 40 seniors were going to be online for the first time .
dozens of donated laptops were setup for the event .
the mayor came by to welcome everyone to the workshop .
he reassured the seniors that the internet is a tool that will modernize their lives for years to come .
the ceremony began with a wife pinning her husband for his accomplishment .
he could n't help but feel proud as he received his promotion .
another fellow service member received her reward .
people of all backgrounds and rank were awarded that day .
it was a wonderful day filled with honorable people being recognized for their accomplishments .
some of the honorees were awarded with certificates .
others were given plaques .
everyone was individually thanked and appreciated .
many people came out for the ceremony .
this year 's honorees were a special group .
we went to a ceremony today for our son and watched him get pinned .
and then the leader came and shook his hand to say thank you .
then another person was also honored , it was wonderful so watch .
then it was time for solo pictures .
but in the end , we got a group picture and were promised that we would all get a copy in the mail for our personal use .
i was given a medal for my bravery on the field .
everybody shook my hand
even people that i was n't expecting
i got a diploma as well .
i finally took a picture with all my friends .
[male] received many honors for his meritorious service in the armed forces .
the head of the services committee was proud to shake his hand .
his little sister [female] also received grateful acknowledgment for her honorable service .
[male] 's father , who worked in recruiting office , also received a recognition of his hard work .
all in all , it was a proud day for the entire family .
each year our company has an annual awards ceremony to honor workers .
the ceo began with giving a speech .
the vice president also spoke and complimented employees on all of their hard work .
some of the best workers received checks .
i was especially happy that my manager received a check as she is hard working and treats her people well . it was a very successful evening .
this event was beautiful . the speaker taught a lot about the history of the program .
the venue was spectacular . so professional .
they handed out these glass awards .
and presented checks for these individuals .
the monies will surely help out .
the annual eteya awards was kicked off by a great speech .
it was a dinner format for the ceremony this year .
everyone came for a chance to win a eteya award .
the first winner of the night was [female] smith .
the last award went to [female] sanders .
[female] started the event with a heartfelt speech .
the audience was entirely captive and they hung on every word .
the soccer trophy was about to be handed out .
a happy committee gets things done better .
[female] held up the check for her team 's reward photo .
the venue for the award ceremony had been attractively decorated .
one of many speakers , he took a moment to talk about why they were gathered .
the next speaker presented the award to the gracious honoree .
smiles all around as the check is presented .
it 's a proud day as this woman is recognized for her achievement .
this is a big city .
this city also has a big prison .
many prisoners are happy because they get to go home today .
the prisoners are quick to leave the prison without saying goodbye .
the other prisoners look on with envy .
the new students were very excited to start their first day of camp .
once they arrived , they were greeted by a sign telling them where the campground was .
they immediately noticed the other group of camped getting ready for a meeting .
eventually the meeting was called over a loudspeaker and they were told were to meetup for an announcement .
once they had gathered , the crowd was told where their bunks would be .
when we flew into the city today we saw the most wonderful scenery .
but nothing was as beautiful as what was just ahead .
it took us a while to no avail just what all of those people were doing .
after we left that `` blue '' crowd we decided to go see the world 's most famous tower
and it did n't disappoint us . but we were so surprised to see that the `` blue '' crowd had broken up and some of them came to the tower too .
i finally got to the city .
there was a sign outside of the meeting spot , so i would n't get lost .
i met all of my friends and other people there .
i finally left on the journey with my closest friends .
we made it to the other side of the woods safely
the weather was nice and cloudy .
thank goodness , because we had a field trip to the local park today .
the entire school was there .
each class split up into groups and went on a hike .
afterwards , we met up again at the entrance .
here we are at the emmy awards ! what an exciting time it is !
the trophies are all lined up on the table , ready to go to their new homes with the award winners .
the shadow of the award is quite impressive .
a winner receives his award for a job well done .
everyone is happy that they were able to attend this wonderful event !
it 's time for the emmy awards .
[male] has worked very hard to get her to be nominated .
[male] wins an award his face is glowing .
he is so proud of himself after winning his first award .
he then snaps a photo with his friends .
here is the book that won all the emmy 's , it is unbelievable .
i am shocked that it won a whole row of them . where will we put them in the house ?
and here is the show off emmy that will go in the front of the house .
we just are so pleased and we thought we would only get one like this to share .
this is the team that produced and completed all the work on the book . what a great group they are to work with .
it was the night of the emmy awards .
we were all agog at the array of statues !
the spotlights came on and the awards began .
we won . best screenplay for an animated feature starring a three legged rodent called [male] !
the after party was awesome . too many cheetos and wine spritzers , but it was a special night .
a sign is in the lobby letting people know the emmy awards will be held there .
the emmy statues are waiting to be handed out .
a silhoute of the emmy statue is flashed onto the wall before the ceremonies begin .
two men won an emmy !
the winners of the emmy award celebrate with their friends .
it was prepared to be a wedding for the ages .
the stage was lit up and they had dancers from location .
the father spoke candidly about his love for the family .
and , the couple 's friends lead them down the aisle .
after the party was over , they celebrated like rockstars .
we went to an asian gala
the music was very traditional
lots of friends were having a great time
there was also dancing
everyone cheered to success
we went to a fancy dinner .
there was even entertainment .
a man sun us a song .
we watched people dance .
we all loved it and had a fun time .
the wife and husband decided they needed some time without the kids and need to spend time with friends . so they got a babysitter and went to a restaurant .
they saw this talented woman playing the violin while they were eating dinner .
they all deiced to make a toast to the very talented woman right after they clapped .
they saw that next on stage was a great dancer and was in awe of her moves .
at the of the woman 's dance , they once again felt they had to make another toast and said `` heres to a great night ! '' they had such a great time that they immediately made plans to return again .
they were at a beautiful ceremony .
the show was beautiful .
the speach was interesting .
people watched as the woman headed sown the isle .
they preformed great !
spectacular view of the countryside from the inn we stayed at .
they wanted to get a picture of the frozen over lake that was on the edge of town
it is so cold he had to carry the dog over the snow and ice .
inside the hotel we met a lot of nice people and had a great time .
the sun sets as we leave the village and looking forward to next year .
this story takes place in the mountains by a beautiful lake .
every year , we get together to join the fishing competition .
here i am with my fishing pole getting ready to catch a big one !
my dog keeps me company during the long days out on the lake .
we all gather around to hear who caught the biggest fish .
what a scene to see everyday , a great escape .
two great friends standing in a beautiful space .
this man is showing his dog love by holding and hugging him .
friends getting together having a good time .
the sunset signals the end of a really great day .
it is incredible just how beautiful the scenery is . i hope we get to go waking and take pictures .
here , let 's set the timer and get our photo taken here .
and , one shot of the dog to prove he was with us .
and , let 's take a selfie of the gang for the photo album .
and then we will end the day watching the sun go down while we sip expensive water and eat cheese ... awwww ... .nice .
this winter we all traveled to location .
we were entering a dog sledding competition .
[male] was the captain so
he brought his best dog champ along with him .
we ended up getting 3rd place .
we were racing in a triathlon , and had just finished the cycling leg of the race .
my boyfriend helped me put on my wetsuit .
we lined up to start our race .
after the race , we sat on the beach and discussed how it the race went .
i won a medal and posed with the other winners for photos !
why wake up so early to hit the beach ?
to race in the ironman , that 's why !
marathon run , cycle , and swim with the best endurance athletes .
good surf for the surfers -- or you could swim the ironman !
evening -- finished -- exhausted -- let 's do it again next year !
recently entered a biathalon of swimming and biking .
i 'm getting prepared for the swim portion , the sun is just coming up .
the ocean water was cold and the surf was rough but i made it through .
i finally got to take a rest on the beach .
and won an award to boot !
a group of athletes gather together .
they all have bathing suits and wet suits on ready for the swimming part of the course .
they have on caps to help them swim faster .
the woman and man discuss the competition .
the winners of the race pose with their medals .
today was the day of the biathalon i 've been training for . the cycling event was first .
my brother helped me get ready for the swimming part of the event .
i look out at the ocean as i get ready to enter the water .
sitting on the beach after the event is over is very relaxing .
the awards ceremony at the end of the day was satisfying .
we all gathered at the local book store for [female] 's first book signing .
she provided us with a bunch of her favorite stories .
i was actually impressed by how many books she 's read .
here she is speaking about her truly inspiring journey .
here are some satisfied plans .
there were a lot of fans and followers gathered at the book store to see the authors .
the authors each read their favorite segments from their books .
their was also a book sales to benefit the book store .
the fans got an opportunity to chat and take pictures with their favorite authors .
the authors each donated a signed book to the bookstore to raise money for charity .
i enjoyed the turnout , so happy everyone was able to show up .
giving everyone a sneak peek of my new book .
your book collection should definitely look like this .
feels good catching up with an old friend .
we showing our accomplishment . i am so proud of us .
another book auction , these are so fantastic .
here is just a picture of some of the first ones we saw .
over here are the more expensive ones .
ok , shhhh ... the auctioneer is going to start now , she even has a beverage to help her throat .
pooey , we lost all of the auctions that we tried to win . i must hang my head in shame !
the community center was holding a book signing .
local authors were all there , ready to sign for their fans .
they also held a book swap where you could sell your old books and buy used books .
it was nice to see authors and fans mingle .
they even gave out awards for the community favorite books of the year .
there was a great turnout to the mardis gras block party .
there was plenty of food , and definitely enough to drink .
the live music kept everyone moving , especially the kids .
i did not win the costume award this year .
i think this was the only casualty !
getting to see this band play was a real treat for us .
having a refreshing beer after the show really hit the spot .
these were hanging all over the telephone lines .
this cowboy playing guitar was especially fun to listen to .
this deli makes a great sandwich !
this new band is awesome and incredible .
even after the show they stayed around to talk with their fans .
then off to buy a balloon to take home to the kids .
then the set opened again and they had even better music to offer to us .
after the concert we went to this deli and had lunch . it was a fantastic day .
it was time for the summer fun festival , for this small city .
the volunteers helped set up the ticket booth for the beer tent .
there was local talent the kept the crowd entertained .
the mayor of the town really enjoys the festival .
the end of the night was smashing , since they had a pinata !
our band decided to debut at a local gig .
the community rounded up a lot of free refreshments for the event .
not many people showed up , but the ones that did were great .
we managed to find a few bands to open for us too .
afterwards the band and the fans went to the local bar to hang out .
today was the day to advertise and sell books at the local convention .
[male] was excited to offer the book he had recently written .
the convention center was packed with fans of literature and reading .
eventually though , [male] sold out of books and decided to pack up and look around .
eventually , the convention reached its conclusion with a short movie and a thank you to all the merchants .
we started the day by setting up for the first annual book fair .
i thought this shirt was hilarious .
here are a few different authors promoting their books .
my personal table was here .
the book fair ended with a speech from one of the bigger names at the fair .
the table is set up for the conventioners .
the author is standing behind his table waiting for the conventioners to arrive .
the doors open up and the convention hall fills up .
the man is eager to look at the different displays .
after looking at the displays conventioners can watch a movie preview .
a small comic convention was being held today .
[male] was one of the leading volunteers .
things were running smoothly as planned .
[male] took turns with the other volunteers to monitor the convention and make sure everything was running well .
when he was done with his shift , he went straight to the auditorium to watch the presentation with the rest of the fans .
i got to go to a really cool convention !
here i am standing behind my display .
there were a ton of people there !
i wore my favorite shirt for the occasion .
later , a lot of us watched presentations .
i 'll never forget the nightlife in location -- loud movies , bright lights , and all the glitz and glamor anyone could ask for .
organization organization , as bright as it ever was , and it did n't seem like it could get any brighter .
on the way , i saw famous songwriters and musicians .
colorful characters and cosplayers rounded out the night .
for all my life , i promise i 'll never forget location .
universal studios was amazing .
everyone was there .
we saw the hard rock .
and everything looked so cool at night .
there was even a spooky skull !
the two guys pass by the organization intrigued by the sign
on the way to the hotel , they see the famous universal sign on the way .
two best friends take a picture before they go out
the two best friends met up with a couple of women they 've met earlier
the group watch the glowing carousel waiting for their turn .
ready to catch a movie
for some reason i always think of action movies
good times with friends always feels right
and waiting on the movie to start
whoa that is too fast ! i do n't want to be dizzy
the night started with a movie .
he passed by organization organization on the way back to his apartment .
about 30 minutes later , his best friend showed up and talked him into going back out .
they met up with a couple of ladies
and went to the fair .
principal depps introduces the achievement ceremony sponsored by the organization organization .
sergeant [male] takes the stage and outlines what it is to be a leader .
[female] [female] is picked as her classes most inspirational student by her peers , and is presented with an award from the organization organization .
deandre deans proudly walks to the stage as he is introduced as one of the first members of his class to enlist .
afterwards , all honorees lined up to take one last picture .
presenter speaking
man at arms talking .
next in line to speak .
woman still speaking about the new group .
group being shown
the woman is addressing the people who are setting a positive example being in society .
people of great example are speaking out about the athletes who are making a positive difference .
people are receiving awards for their support and work they are doing for this cause .
athletes are being honored for their positive examples and are there with their families .
these are just some of the men being honored for this occasion .
the chairwoman has some opening remarks for the ceremony .
the soldier takes the stage to talk about the organization organization .
an award is handed out to a volunteer .
more awards are handed out throughout the ceremony .
a group picture is taken of the new recruits after the ceremony .
we saw a lot of people at the student athlete convention .
the organization organization was there and gave inspirational speeches .
i won a cool award and got a picture taken with my dad !
people were able to voice their opinions in an open forum .
at the end , we honored all the student athletes !
arriving for the reunion .
mingling with long-lost friends
getting ready for the competitions
the prizewinners assembled
finishing up with a delicious dinner
three friends went on a road trip to [male] [male] 's bar-b-que .
when they arrived , they were so excited that they all jumped out of the van , forgetting to even close the doors .
when the entered , they saw that there was not a single person inside .
they quickly realized that everyone was out back , behind the building .
today was the 10th anniversary for [male] [male] 's bar-b-que ; therefore , the owners were awarding the most valuable staff and customers with trophies and gift cards .
the people were so excited to be there they forgot to close the van 's doors .
the crowd gathered around waiting for the games to begin .
the crowd all stared at the cooler waiting for the next challenge .
the winners stood around with their trophies .
after a fun day the men were ready to get something to eat .
after a major fire , [male] [male] 's bar-b-que was re-opening and the entire town came out to celebrate it .
people came by the van loads to see the reconstructed restaurant .
with all new furniture and new marble floors , the once burned down restaurant was ready for business .
the town came out to party before the doors opened .
the winners of various contest stood outside the restaurant to show off their newly won hardware .
for our family reunion , we decided to go to [male] [male] 's bar-b-que .
our family loaded into the minivan .
when we got there , the place was nearly empty .
afterwards , we went to a park and played games .
some of us acted out skits , and had a great time !
i got ready to swim and bike today .
just before the race starts .
swimming in the race !
tired after swimming and running to the bike event .
starting the bike event just after swimming .
they 're getting ready to take their seats for the swimming match .
it was a blast getting to see our friend compete in the swim finals .
i wish i could have participated in this bike ride !
everyone was exhausted after finishing the race .
the winners collecting their prizes after the race was finally over .
[male] 's friends gathered outside waiting to cheer him on .
the first leg of the triathalon was swimming in the pool .
[male] then jumped on his bike for the next leg .
he finished the triathalon with the running event .
after everyone was finished they shook hands with the event planner .
this was [male] 's first biathlon but he 's been training for months .
[male] prepared to take on the first part of the biathlon , swimming .
[male] had trained for this day and night . anything less than first place was not an option .
after completing the swimming portion of the biathlon , [male] sprinted to the next phase of the contest , cycling .
[male] rode his bike all the way to first place after a record breaking performance .
as a family , we support our son in his athletic pursuits .
he has always loved swimming , for fun or competition .
he also excels in sports that involve bicycling .
but his favorite of all athletic activities is running .
as a family , we love our son and all the sports he competes in .
the girls were prepared to give their speeches in front of the audience .
the principal introduced them to the crowd .
the first young lady took the podium and delivered her speech .
many young people in the audience listened intently to what they were hearing .
afterwards , all of the speakers posed together for a picture .
today 's assembly will let us know which students will get a scholarship for university .
[female] was first to be called , and i 'm holding my breath waiting for my name to be called .
[female] was called second , so apparently they 're not going alphabetically since her 's is zimmerman .
finally , i got my scholarship and i could n't be happier . it 's off to university for me !
here are the ones who received scholarships this year . i ca n't wait to begin my higher education !
this young girl has something she would like to share .
this woman is speaking about the cause at the podium .
another woman is sharing her feelings about the cause .
there is a room filled with people who care about and support this cause .
the people involved with this event came together to take a group picture .
many gathered in the community center to see awards handed out to the hardest working volunteers in the community .
everyone was recognized for their hard work from pick up litter to helping the elderly .
the volunteers were so happy that their work was being acknowledged .
all the award recipients felt a sense of pride as their name was called out for making their community a better place .
all the volunteers gathered around for a picture to be hung in the community center so that others will someday follow in their footsteps .
there was a school assembly today , with prizes being handed out .
the principal made a speech .
then the vice principal made her speech .
everyone was very interested in what they had to say .
at the the end of the day , quite a few people got awards .
sergeant [male] calls the meeting to attention .
first business of the night is to present private organization with a medal of valor .
private organization saved 15 comrades from a devastating fire .
also honored was [male] [male] pendelton , a civilian that has helped the organization for years .
all the night 's honorees lined up together for a photo .
it was an army ceremony
all the veterans lined up to get there awards
[male] getting the purple heart for his service
many others saluted the others
all the soldiers were awarded for their bravery
this military man is here to speak on behalf of his colleagues .
he is awarding and pinning the award on a fellow soldier .
the men are taking a picture to capture this moment .
someone else is participating in taking a picture .
there is a photo opportunity for the soldiers and their family members .
they had just returned home and had much to share .
it was time to honor the ones that helped most .
they were congratulated for their great service .
a job well done deserves much praise .
the memory of this day will last forever .
there was something going on in the military .
someone was receiving an award .
everyone was very proud , and wanted to take a picture to remember .
there were quite a few awards given out .
the whole family was there to celebrate .
today was the big game .
everyone was warming up .
the stands were pretty empty .
some people were yawning .
then they pulled out a tarp .
[male] and his friends arrive at the soccer game .
watching on his favorite team [male] looks on in excitement .
[male] watches the players practicing on the field .
the game is in full swing as the action makes johns heart race .
the game is finally over and [male] is looking on as his favorite team celebrates their victory .
it was early , but many soccer fans were quickly packing the stadium to watch the championship game .
young and old alike were ready for the big game to kick off .
the crowd began to cheer as the visiting team made their way on to the pitch .
a big roar came when the home team made their way out .
everyone was glued as the opening ceremonies began knowing the opening kick was only minutes away .
everyone was excited to go the soccer game . even though it was just an exhibition game , it was still exciting .
the crowd was sparse but enthusiastic . they clapped and cheered .
the simmons family were big fans , and they never missed a game .
cousin [male] took photos with the team 's general manager .
the highlight of the day was the ceremony at half-time . by then , the crowd had grown . everyone had a great time .
we had a great time watching the soccer game .
the players were playing as hard as they could .
there were quite a few fans that showed up to cheer them on .
including these two guys ; the most hardcore fans of all !
after the game , the put on a very artistic show .
on a vacation hike !
me and my wife about to embark .
we found some edible fruits along the way .
i made sure to grab as many as i can .
after the hike we played volleyball with the other hikers .
the men are standing around waiting for the start of the workday .
the lady tells the workers safety regulations before they head to the fields .
the labor leader talks with the lady about his concerns for his workers .
the men get down to business and pick the coffee beans .
everyone is happy the day is over and start playing volleyball to blow off steam .
this is only known area where the rare [female] flower grew in the area .
this couple , the owners of the land , made sure all of the plants were taken care of .
this flower is known for it 's beauty but also known for the fragrance it emits .
[male] makes sure it is pruned and watered everyday .
outside the area , the couple 's children play not knowing the importance of keeping the land they live on safe and groomed .
it was a beautiful day to go out into the countryside .
they were ready to go exploring .
they found many nice plants along the way .
they wanted to bring some back with them .
after a long day it was time to head back into town .
we went on a trip to the mountains of location .
we met a family who grows coffee there .
they showed us some of their coffee plants .
he even picked some to let us smell them .
after that , we all went and played volleyball together .
all of the speakers were called up to speak .
this man went first , telling a story about his snow globe .
this man went second , also telling a story about his own snow globe .
this woman went last . she did n't have a snow globe and was explaining why .
everyone left at the end .
we where very proud of our rewards .
lots of people attended the event .
we had a lot of people say great things .
we all took one big picture together .
we thought what they did with the lighting was really cool .
this man is an affiliate of this event .
a couple of people are accepting awards for this event .
this man is making an acceptance speech .
the individuals on the stage are strong supporters .
this is a picture of a symbol of the event .
it was time to award the ones that were deserving .
they had a nice year and needed to be recognized .
they got to say a nice speech if they wanted .
all gathered for a great photo .
and then the night was over .
there was an awards ceremony held , by this host in a black shirt .
he handed out awards to a few people .
and they got to make speeches .
even people who did n't get an award got to make a speech if they wanted to .
at the end of the ceremony , they unveiled a new piece of artwork .
as the guests are introduced , the ambassador greats them .
warm welcome greetings are given to each person in the entourage .
the ambassador gives a moving speech .
everyone poses at the end for a pictures commemorating the event .
after all the formalities the band gets out and entertains the guests .
the band played today .
they really got into it .
there was a great speech .
we enjoyed taking group photos .
lot 's of people got to network and meet others .
many people from the city came by the church to greet the newly wedded couple .
friends and family were so happy that the marriage could finally be recognized in the location location .
a long time friend gave a heartfelt speech that moved many to tears .
the couple 's family gather to take pictures of the momentous day .
a band played at the reception to cap the great event .
there was a formal party held , with a brass band in attendance .
during the first song , a man gave a solo on a guitar .
this guy liked it so much he decided to make an impromptu speech about it .
after the song , people stood for the national anthem .
the final part of the party was the handing out of some awards .
we got to go to a party being thrown for some visiting dignitaries .
things started out a little formal .
the guest speaker talked about a lot of stuff i did n't really understand .
after the formalities were over everyone seemed to have a good time though .
they even had a military ensemble band playing !
a girl went to a basketball game for the first time .
she was so excited when the game started and loved every minute of it .
then half time began
and she was extremely impressed by the talent of the cheerleaders ( or dancers , whatever you 'd like to call them ) .
at the end of the game , the players shook hands , and this girl was yet again impressed by their professionalism .
there was a ton of traffic as we drove into the city to catch the game .
after getting some food we found our seats to watch the game .
our team was winning just about the entire game .
at half time we got to see the cheerleaders dance and cheer .
the game finished up and everyone had a great time .
the traffic was heavy near the arena where the family was going to see their first organization basketball game .
once they were seated , the excitement was overwhelming .
the family watched as their favorite school started to run away with the game .
they loved the dance routines the cheerleaders put on during stoppage of play .
the family watched as their school won the game and shook hands with the losing school . it was a trip they would never forget .
the two teams gathered for the big game .
the shots were falling all night .
the cheerleaders got the fans riled up .
they really knew how to put on a show .
at the end both teams showed respect towards each other .
the family took a trip to a basketball game . there was a quite a bit of traffic on the way there .
unfortunately , the seats were not that great .
but we could they could still see most of the action .
the best part of the game was the cheerleader performance .
the team in white ended up winning .
annual location team race .
first stop , the mime team running theatrically .
second favorite team , the butchers ready , here is the beef .
the star shoppers were making a run for it .
finally saving the best for last , the naked cowboys team , had to problem running in the snow .
at the end of the world , we are reduced to tents . man it 's cold out here .
oh no ! mimes ! there 's just so many of them . who you gon na call ?
after finding a ghostbusting kit , i decided to take matters into my own hands .
me and my boys off to do some mimebusting !
at the end of the day , the city recognized me and my team as official mimebusters ; giving us this condemned hut as a base .
people are filling up to see the parade .
we have jugglers entertaining the kids .
chefs who are giving us music using only basic kitchen utensils
playful adults and children who are fun to watch .
and the fun , nearly naked runners running thru the snow .
a group of people show off their handmade sign .
some mimes follow entertaining the crowd .
people dressed as chefs run down the street .
some women join the fun .
bringing up the rear are men running half naked in the freezing cold .
it was the annual halloween parade in nyc
it had snowed the night before but that did n't stop all sorts of people from coming out .
even people dressed in uniforms , paraded them around as costumes .
there were all sorts of people out on the streets .
but probably the most entertaining were the cowboys in speedos .
i am an award winning chef and this is my kitchen .
all of the food in my restaurant is carefully prepared .
here are some of the cooks and servers working hard to keep the restaurant running smoothly .
these are some of my world-famous dishes .
here is your dessert . enjoy !
chefs from all over location are competing for best chef
the chefs are making sure to put their best foot forward and are interacting with guests
the chefs are very talented and are putting out great food
they are all doing their best to prove they are the best chef in location
the guest get to vote for their best chef and [male] wins the contest
a chef went to a special training conference and convention .
a new recipe was learned by everyone in attendance .
the chefs were very committed to learning as much as they could at the conference .
many new dishes and recipes were learned by those in attendance .
and , the best part , was that all of the good food was shared with others and was available to eat .
it was time for the event to start .
they were preparing to show what they had learned .
they worked hard to get it just right .
the displays were breathtaking .
and no one was left out .
there was a food judging competition held , with a 5 organization star chef as the host .
some fantastic dishes were prepared , including an avocado creme sauce with capers .
all the chefs worked hard to come up with their best dishes .
the winning dish was a charred scallop on a bed of kale .
everyone got a free sample before they went home .
today was the big event .
there was a wonder speech .
and lots of military brass .
and they were meeting the public .
then they posed for a picture .
the lead instructor took to the stage , excited to share the accomplishments on her group .
the group has learned a lot during the year , both in the classroom and out in the field .
they always were willing to tell others about their personal journeys .
they proudly took the stage as their names were called .
afterwards , the instructor greeted the parents of her students .
we all went to the navel conference . it was nice to put on our dress uniforms for once .
the guest speaker made a riveting and motivating speech .
of course the high brass was there . they 've had some impressive careers .
it 's interesting to listen to them swap old sea stories .
no conference is complete without a photo-op though .
everyone gathered for the great day .
many nice stories were told .
old acquaintances got caught up .
it was time for the main event .
those most deserving were honored for their hard work .
there was a military speech given by an admiral today .
a lot of important military people attended .
after the speech , the admiral signed autographs and answered questions .
she also posed for a photo with anyone who wanted one .
before she went home she made herself available to everyone for a chat .
the place has a pretty sweet pool . remember to stay off that dangerous rock though !
everyone was being crazy that day , such fun times .
we always have time to take pictures with friends .
dont forget to get you daily dose of milk , this stuff was great .
the whole gang together having a great time !
there was a surprise meeting called upon all the nurses tonight .
one of the nurses try to make a joke out of it
eventually the nurses gathered around in the hall for the meeting .
one of the nurses gave her view the didiscussion .
all the nurses came to a agreement and decided to take a group picture .
the conference is taking place in a hotel and everyone is arriving to their rooms .
getting ready for the conference and acting a bit silly in the process .
settling in at the conference and saying hi to friends .
discussing business and make points during the conference .
at the end of the conference , a group photo was taken .
one worker is in a hallway eating a glazed doughnut .
another worker is playing around in the bathroom with a blow dryer getting ready for a meeting .
she is sitting at her meeting next to another worker smiling .
another worker is sitting down making a statement about a certain topic .
after the meeting , everybody decides to take a picture .
a hotel pool is gorgeous .
a woman sings in the hotel blow dryer .
two women pose in their hotel room .
they buy a box of chocolate and some water .
they group poses for a picture together .
this is me right before i entered a dance competition .
this place is packed . there is so much competition here . but it 's okay , i got a few secret moves up my jacket sleeve .
check me out on the dance floor . it 's just not normal for hips to move so fluently like water .
look here , moves so nice i got hit twice !
it 's the final round . i think i sprained my ankle doing a sick twist . i wound up not placing in the competition but i did get a couple of sympathy phone numbers !
it was the night of the awards dinner and the high school gym was decorated beautifully .
everyone was nervous to dance and had a little wine to get the party started .
[female] got up first , fearlessly doing a hoedown .
[female] and [female] joined her after a couple of glasses of wine .
eventually everyone warmed up and the dance floor was packed .
i had a great time , everyone had fun and will not forget this .
the venue was large and beautiful , just the place to have a party .
we danced and laughed all night long .
getting together with friends and reacquainting is the best part .
still dancing thru the end of the night . i do n't think i ever danced so much .
a man smiles for the camera .
a party starts and lights are flashed .
a group of people moves out to the dance floor .
a man is surrounded by two women .
the dance floor becomes more full then ever .
`` you want to see my moves ? '' [male] asked [female] , who was taking pictures .
before he raced out to the dance floor , ready to show them off .
grabbing [female] he swung her around and got down on the dance floor .
`` wow i 'm tired , where 's dinner ? '' [male] asked after , sitting down with [female] and [female] .
but after the meal , he headed straight back to the dance floor .
big race today ! our blood was pumping .
heres a shot of the team beforehand , rep'ing out country !
our reaction as we watched the other race , it was pretty competitive .
the team walking along aferward , disappointment and happiness filled the air .
one last shot of the huge pool , wan na take a swim ?
my sister swam in the olympics last year .
she met her boyfriend on the swim team .
they obviously had a great view for the event .
i went to watch but my seat was n't as close .
luckily they had a huge tv screen so i could see how happy she was when she won .
the young woman is representing the usa at this swimming meet .
two competing people , both for the usa .
getting ready for the swimming competition .
what a huge pool , such a great space to have this event .
picture of the swim teams after a meet .
a swimming competition is about to begin .
team location poses for a photo .
they excitedly wait for the results .
they go out on the deck when it is their turn .
the stadium is anxious to see .
team location and their fans were ready for the meet today .
the fans assembled outside , taking pictures in their gear .
before heading in , ready to support their team .
as the team came out there were loud cheers from the crowd .
and this motivated team location to the win .
arriving at the stadium for the big game !
everyone was piling in , always a great atmosphere here .
i see something new every week , i love it .
these seats were amazing , had a great view of the 50 yard line .
a beautiful night and a great game , cant wait till the next one !
on my way to my first live football event . i ca n't wait to check out my seats .
here are me and my fiance , hanging with the guinness man outside the stadium .
these wound up being some pretty good seats . i 'm not super close , but i do n't feel too far away either . they were perfect . and i got to see the organization play .
end of the game celebration . the final play was spectacular . i could n't believe that play actually worked . i love my home team !
me meeting a buddy after the game . we had loads of laughs talking about that last play of the game .
the parking lot is full with so many cars .
the guinnes display stands proudly between the coach and a player on his team .
the crowd is gathered in the stands riveted to the football game on the field .
spectators and others are gathered on the field at the conclusion of the game .
these two men are happy because their team won the game .
the stadium parking lot is packed .
people walk together into the stadium .
a strange man is standing on top of the building .
the football game begins and excitement is everywhere .
it is now dark and the game continues in the stadium .
here is a picture from the parking lot of the organization organization parking lot . tailgating prior to the game .
and here are all the tailgaters heading to the entrance to go watch the game .
this guy was awesome sporting tissue all over himself using the colors of the organization .
and the game begins .
here 's our view after the game was over . very dark .
this was the first day i finally got to sail my fixer upper . the winds were perfect !
after stopping on a bank there was this statue . the writing claimed that it was some famous explorer who founded this little city .
i walked further to find the city and found an amazing lobster restaurant . a little expensive but i was celebrating .
the locals mentioned a lighthouse that was built to keep boats from running ashore . they said it had a beautiful view of the city .
after climbing to the top i looked over and had this breath taking view . i felt like i was on top of the world . sailboats are so cool !
[female] and [male] visited historic location for their last summer vacation .
they learned about the history and historical players of the region .
they also enjoyed looking at the boats on in the bay of location location .
they toured one of location location 's famous lighthouses .
and ended the day eating some of the pinchy location lobster .
the honeymooners were sightseeing on a beautiful island .
they took photos of historical importance .
they also explored the port .
they asked a passerby to snap a photo of them outside a lighthouse .
after a full day of sightseeing , they enjoyed a seafood dinner .
the happy couple posed in front of a beautiful backdrop .
the statue stood prominently on the green grass .
the boats were docked on the silent waters at the seaport .
the smiling couple take time to pose in front of the steps of the lighthouse .
finally the time has come to dig into the shrimp that he has longed for all day .
they had finally made it to location !
walking around town , the couple tried to figure out what to do first .
they wanted the iconic location experience , so lobster was a must !
after they headed over to find the nearby lighthouse and beach .
they ended their day with a helicopter ride around the town , to take in the sites from above .
we went to a bicycle race last weekend and thought we had been rained out .
when noon rolled around , the sun came out and the umbrellas were put away .
i got to meet my favorite racer .
i wished him luck and he was off to the races .
a rider in yellow beat him but it was still fun to watch .
this is my first bike-a-thon . i trained very hard to make sure i could go the distance !
here i am fighting a hill . between the wedgie and the slope , this hill is proving to be a tough one .
i can see the finish line , and i 'm in the lead . whats that kid doing in the middle of the street !
oh its a stink bomb ! yuck , i could n't breath . this was a really terrible smell .
due to the stink bomb i lost control of my bike and fell off . i managing to climb in at fifth . so i did n't get a trophy , but i did n't break a leg . who was that kid anyway ?
the day of the big race started off as a rainy day .
as the skies cleared and the sun came up , the umbrella lady went home .
[male] was excited the weather was clearing up for the bike race .
[male] is in the lead and it looks like he will win the race .
victory ! [male] won the race !
the clouds settled in , and the rain began . the people looked around at one another , what would happen ?
luckily , [male] thought to bring umbrellas for all ! he began to pass them out .
someone told [male] that there was a period of rain and fog on the course today .
but that was n't going to stop him , he would win !
unfortunately [male] beat him out , but it was still a fun day of racing .
it is a foggy gloomy day .
spectators come anyway with their umbrellas .
a man is prepared to start the race .
he gets on his bike and takes off .
the man in yellow is the winner of the race .
the view from the stage gave me butterflies .
the audience was piling in and i knew it would be a great show .
the boys in the back were having some last minute rehearsals .
the girls were relaxing , everyone was getting gear !
the performance was a success and we all celebrated on stage !
it was the day of the all-city choir concert and the stage was set .
we had all rehearsed for months and everyone backstage was making some last-minute preparations .
the all-boys a cappella group went on first to warm the crowd up .
the conductor introduced the grand finale .
all singers in the city got on stage together to perform the closing number .
everything is in place for the concert tonight .
some last minute rehearsals and a bit of think tanking .
the boys make the first appearance .
then the coach comes out and gives our introduction
we give our final bow . i think we did wonderful !
we arrived at the venue , ready for the 42nd annual talent show .
backstage , in the dressing room , the performers busily worked on some refinements to their acts .
the a cappella singing group was one of the highlights of the evening .
there was also stand up comedy .
in the end , everyone came up on stage for the final judging and awards . we won !
the microphones are set up on the stage .
the choir gathers together .
they also are in the back practicing .
it is a long wait .
finally the go on stage and start their performance .
everyone getting ready for the awards
the band was playing some nice tunes while everyone was waiting
making the comencement speach
handing at the awards
more awards being presented
i was asked to come to this fancy dinner , in honor of a few special guest . did n't know what it meant but i was in it for the free food .
here i am trying to pick up a woman at the dinner . she looked sad , so i wanted to make sure she was alright .
turned out she was mad at her husband . no girl , but at least i got this scrumptious dessert !
i have no clue who these people are getting these awards . why ca n't i ever win something .
holy cow ! that 's the freaking pope . i knew there were going to be special guest here , but the pope . who paid for this thing ?
there was an award service at the community center today .
the band that played at the award service was great , and professional .
the speaker was getting ready to hand out the awards to the various community members .
this is a picture of the individuals whom received awards for their excellent service in the community .
they all held the plaque that was awarded to their organization .
a business group gathers together for a meeting .
there is a band .
also there is a keynote speaker .
awards and recognition are given out .
the group poses with their awards .
the organization organization held their annual awards dinner the other night .
of course since it was the organization organization , the salvation organization organization was there to provide music .
the local chapter 's head man was there and brought everyone up to speed on what was going on with the organization .
then came the awards segment and there were a lot to hand out .
there were so many plaques and trophies given out , that i think just from that everyone knew that they had a good year last year .
parents filling into seats before graduation !
the big sign that shows the university .
graduates are now filling into their seats !
the dean is now giving a story about graduation and the future .
everyone is giving a speech about graduation and soon to be leaders of location .
my son is a fantastic baseball player . he was sought after by many top colleges for their baseball team .
he decided to accept organization 's offer because organization is such a prestigious school and he had always dreamed of going there .
he did well with all his classes and the time flew by . i ca n't believe we are already here at organization watching him and his classmates file in for their graduation ceremony .
the school dean gave a very inspirational speech that moved us all to tears as we thought about the great futures all these organization graduates would have .
look , there is my son sitting on the end of the row , he has received his diploma and is about to turn his tassle .
all the family and friends are entering the graduation ceremony and beginning to sit down .
it 's the 2006 organization organization organization ceremony .
the graduates are walking into the ceremony .
the [male] is making a speech to the audience .
all the graduates are behind the [male] and one graduate is speaking .
the venue for the graduation welcomed us with several flags being flown at the entrance .
a huge sign commemorating the graduation was hung on the wall .
there were so many seats waiting to be filled that is gave us much anxiety .
they keynote speaker captivated everyone with his noble words of wisdom .
we stood proudly as we were announced the next graduating class .
the building is buzzing ready for the graduation .
it is organization organization graduation .
the graduates walk down the aisle toward the front .
a speech is made by the class valedictorian .
the group is gathered waiting for the final words .
me and the family out to visit a new and beautiful city .
here we are admiring the nice architectural structuring of the buildings .
he took a break from building viewing to catch a glimpse of this mini parade . not sure what they 're celebrating but it 's a nice time to celebrate .
i eventually figured out that they were throwing a parade for these bikers . lucky rascals !
someone yelled free lunch and the people just poured in from everywhere . it was a tight fit but at least i enjoyed free lunch after sight seeing .
let 's take a tour of location .
the waterways were the ancient highway system -- carrying heavy cargo and nourishing the cities .
let 's peek behind the door to see a glimpse of the ancient past .
magnificent ! you can feel the ghosts of the past .
are the ghosts of the past peering down at us , or are they mingling with the living in the stately courtyard ?
people started to gather in the town square to watch a race .
there were vendors and outdoor dining for everyone to enjoy while waiting .
a small parade came through the streets before the race started .
the race came through the streets and everyone enjoyed watching .
after the race , some people left while others milled around the square .
on vacation , the family decided to take a look at the tour .
it brought them to magnificent sights and wonderful buildings .
they saw a street exhibit and were enchanted .
there was even a bicycle race going on at the same time .
ultimately it was a good experience for them , despite how crowded it got .
the town is buzzing with a local festival .
people gather on the street waiting for the fun .
a group of people lead floats down the road .
bikers bring up the rear of the parade .
everyone gathers to leave now that the parade is over .
here is the law school that i am attending . today is graduation .
here [female] is skipping around . she is so happy to be graduating . honestly i am too .
this is the ceremony , where we all received our law credentials . i almost teared up .
i got a phone call right before photos . it was my best friend . his cat got stuck in his muffler . go figure , he is a business major . they have almost no sense .
finally photos and this day is over . who 's ready to drink and drive ! ... .. ah gotcha , i 'm a lawyer now , so watch out !
the building where the graduation was held
all the family and students filing in .
everyone walking up and getting their diploma
so happy to finally be finished
time to get out of there
today is the big graduation day and it will take place in this building .
[female] is very excited to go inside and receive her diploma .
after the ceremony , everyone walked outside to mingle and congratulate each other .
[male] called everyone to get them together for a group photo .
everyone got together and the photo was taken .
here is the beautiful organization organization organization .
everyone is in their robes for the graduation ceremony .
the excitement is in the air , as the tine for commencement approaches .
a happy group , before the commencement ceremony .
the architecture really helped make the day even more memorable .
the graduation is taking place at location location location .
this graduate is elated to see so many other graduates .
graduates mingle with family and friends before the ceremony begins .
this graduate is letting the caller know where to meet him afterwards .
the group gets together for one final photo before they take the walk across the stage .
this is my lovely girlfriend , akiki . today was the day she met my family .
well , here they are . my whole family . they were already a little loose before we got there .
here i am explaining to akiki to not be so judgemental , my family does like to have a good time .
here akiki is sitting with my aunt [female] . i could n't believe she brought her cat ... .creepy !
this was at the end of the night . i had to pay my sister off , just not to make a mess out of everything . she wanted to do a nudist night ! my crazy family .
my friends helped me throw a charrades party . how cute are these cupcakes !
[female] helped create a banner out of a table cloth .
we had quite a few of our great friends come out for the party .
everyone brought a snack/side dish to munch on .
these are the winners of charrade night !
i love having people over just to hang out , nice to relax and enjoy the night .
friends and family are the best , would n't want to have a gathering without the .
a serous discussion about anything is the best .
our new kitty had to get attention tonight as well
oops , did she really just say that ? that the reason she is here for the laughs .
slowly people came by and the party started .
when everyone arrived , we gathered around and enjoyed each others company .
we laughed and joked about all kinds of inside jokes .
we were able to get to learn more about each other and their pets .
all and all a great night of silliness and fun .
[female] threw a little get together the other night that got a little bigger than she intended .
everyone showed up and i dont think she expected that many to actually come .
but it was good because she got to see a lot of people that she had n't seen in a while like [male] .
and everyone had a good time . even when her big old tabby [female] decided that [female] 's lap was hers .
of course [female] had a bit too much to drink and we had to drive her home .
so excited that i won and its unreal
a shot next to the bike that helped me win
the womans division winner
one more shot of the trophy before i shut the trunk
now its time for some nourishment and beers after the race
it was the day of the big bike race and the whole team assembled at the starting point .
it was a team race and [male] was riding the first leg of the race .
competition was fierce , but our team prevailed !
[male] was really , really excited that we won for the 11th year in a row !
everyone went out that night to celebrate our victory !
[male] won the first bike race today .
[male] also won one of the bike races today .
[female] was so proud of winning a bike race today .
she placed her trophy in the trunk of her car and headed to meet her friends to celebrate .
[female] and her friends had a great time eating and drinking and celebrating her win .
i could believe that i won the trophy for the men 's division .
i am proudly holding my trophy , along with my side kick , my bicycle .
this woman , was the winner for the women 's division of the race .
my trophy is safely stored in my suitcase .
we are now celebrating our big win over dinner .
the winner of the race show off his trophy .
he also poses with his bike and trophy .
the winner of the women 's division poses with her trophy .
the trophy is put in the back of the trunk .
the group meets at a restaurant and celebrates .
i attended a religious graudation ceremony that my uncle held in location .
there were dancers who were the graduates grandchildren .
everyone joined hands and created a huge circle during the prayer .
this is my uncle speaking with one of the graduates .
at the end he prayed for everyone and congratulated them .
this year we had a special celebration for passover , with the high priest announcing a grand parade .
he led the way with the bagpipes through the streets of the city .
we ended up on the lawn with our banners and flutes .
the cheerleaders came , loudly proclaiming the story of the passover .
at the end of the day , we all played `` duck , duck , grey duck '' .
the man in the dark robe is blessing the person standing in white .
several people in blue garb walk down the street carrying a white cross on a black banner and other items in their hands .
people from the crowd are viewing the people wearing light blue robes .
the young girls are walking down the middle of the grass lane in front of the spectators .
at the event 's conclusion the people have formed a circle .
the crowd began to gather for the beginning of the exciting event .
the girls did a wonderful presentation .
soon the crowd had shaped into a circle , and all were anxious to see the ceremony .
the honored guests were on the special platform .
the day was quite a success and everyone enjoyed themselves .
the festival of their community was taking place today .
the boys carried their flags and played their instruments .
as they headed to the ceremony , all dressed in blue .
in came the woman dancers , putting on a show .
and everyone gathered around , to celebrate their home .
here we are arriving at the conference .
i won a certificate for my service in youth counciling !
they had a great band after the first night 's dinner .
here is a roundtable discussion with other councilers from around the country .
the keynote speaker was very profound , she had many in the audience in tears .
we were on our way to the convention for the actions speak louder than words effort .
we met lots of interesting people , who decided to spend their time with us .
there was even a live band , they played a fantastic concert .
i was nervous to speak in front of everyone , but i pushed my way through it all .
the convention ended up being a success , and i think that i changed lots of lives that day .
today was the day for `` actions speak louder `` conference .
many people gathered around to take pictures , showing their enjoyment .
a band performed for everyone , raising awareness for the cause .
the guest speaker really touched everyones hearts and spoke the truth to the youth .
everyone wanted a picture with the guest speaker at the end of the event . all and all , a great day .
marjie showed up for a very special occasion .
the group got recognized for their hard work .
many awards were passed out .
marjie made one of the greatest speeches in the organization 's history .
even more awards were given out before the end of the night .
leader of the shine project ms [female]
taking some photos with the amazing people of the group .
a short concert before [female] speaks .
a meeting before she goes on stage .
ms [female] speaking to the crowd .
there was a beautiful view of the city from where we were standing .
a very well built statue was behind the big screen .
the amount of people that had turned out was amazing and inspriring
the speakers were being shown over the big screen .
we had done it we broke the new world record !
there was a big outdoor celebration for st. [male] 's day .
many people gathered by the fountain in the center of town .
there were a lot of musicians and singers .
you could see them really well on this big screen .
it drew a big crowd and broke the world record !
a lot of people gathered to celebrate st. [male] 's day .
they were socializing with each other as the event went on .
everyone listened as a person spoke on stage .
soon enough , a lot of people went on stage as the program progressed .
they event concluded with everyone satisfied and happy .
the town was crowded for our potentially record breaking concert .
we were so far from the screen .
here 's just some of the people that were in front of us .
this was our favorite band that played which we were a little closer for .
at the end of the night , they announced that we had broken the record .
a crowd gathered for a life-changing event .
the buildings were short compared to the spire .
it was hard to see where i was going in the crowd .
[male] meyers made a speech and made everyone cry .
the world record was broken and everyone left incredibly happy .
everyone met up together to ride bikes this weekend .
we traveled all over the city on our bikes , it was so much fun .
[male] was goofing off and almost lost his bike .
thankfully he was able to catch his bike before it got away from him .
everyone had a great time , nothing beats hanging out with your friends .
[male] and [male] met for their weekly bike ride in the neighborhood .
[male] was there , ready to ride with the others .
[male] was also there , joking around and ready to ride .
[male] showed off some of his bike skills at the end of the ride .
after the ride , the boys and their girlfriends gathered round for a few drinks and a chat .
today was the day for bike riding with the family .
[male] and dad decided to do a little race ,
and [female] decided to join in too but not exactly by riding .
not all of us knew what [female] was doing ,
but i was just there for the fun , so i rode back with the rest of the family .
the group of friends all looked around trying to find their friend [male] .
they decided to take off to hunt him down .
they spotted him and called out his name .
he grabbed his bike and made off to escape .
time lost them and was no where to be found . never again .
the group of friends decided to go for a bike ride .
they started at a good pace .
one friend was walking his bike .
then the bike was getting away from her .
one of the fried was checking their helmet .
everyone was lined up and ready to receive their award
the awards ceremony had begun and people were getting their rewards .
a lot of people were patiently waiting for their turn .
some newly graduated 5th graders posed for a picture
everyone who had received medals posed for a picture at the end
a children 's organization poses for a group photo before the ceremony .
awards show can be very exciting .
lots of parents show up for the presentation .
the children were proud of their accomplishments .
a group photo allowed them to show off their medals .
all the kids are called up for they award
one by one they all get there award
the audience claps and cheers for all the students that are receiving their award
pictures are starting to get taken of some of the children
all the children and teachers gather around and take one big picutres
today we were celebrating out team win at the school .
the principal and teachers congratulated us ,
and we waited for the whole crowd to show up .
everyone got their own certificates ,
and then we got special medals , too .
it was time for the children to accept their awards .
[male] stepped up first and claimed his cherished prize .
the rest of the children looked jealous in the audience .
three students won awards but they wish they had n't .
the jealous kids will make fun of the winners before the end of the ceremony .
it was time for the annual bike race .
people showed up early to get in line and register for the event .
after registering , many studied the route map , familiarizing themselves with the area .
soon enough , the race was underway .
afterwards , there was group meeting and awards were presented .
getting in line to register and participate to the bicycle race .
getting registered and getting his participant number .
checking out the route for the race .
getting ready and fixing the bicycles .
a participant riding his bicycle .
people start to sign up for the bike race
they all sit and talk about it
they go to the map to see where they have to race to
they all get ready to go and ready to race
and they race off
this was the registration table for the race today .
we got to sign up for the competition and raffle for a new bike .
of course , we did n't want to get lost , so we studied the map .
gearing up for the race was pretty stressful .
[male] was the most prepared though , and he was ready to win .
today i went to the weekend fair for a performance .
first i met up with some friends to play some games .
then while trying to find the performance i got lost and had to look at the grounds map .
once i realized how far away the performance was i hopped on my bike .
luckily i made it just in time to catch the start of the show !
yesterday , [male] 's boy scout group had their meeting .
they had a speaker come to the front and talk .
then , the boy 's got the badges .
everyone was very happy .
it was a very special day for [male] .
receiving our honor badges today .
one by one we go up to the front of the room .
there 's me , second to the right .
that 's all of us .
i worked very hard for the badges . i 'm so proud .
the ceremony began with a recitation of the oath .
before the attendees were individually honored , the scoutmaster gave a brief speech .
a young scout proudly accepted his badge .
a few promising scouts were called to the front of the room for special acknowledgment .
they remained standing for several minutes , each with varying degrees of awkwardness .
everyone came to our first meeting of the season .
the leader was really excited at the great turn out .
some even got their badges from last season .
they were honored in front of the audience .
they looked so happy standing up there .
the boy scouts meeting started sharply at nine o'clocl .
camp master [male] gave direct orders for today 's tasks .
the top six boy scouts got awards for being so great .
one of the boys cried from happiness .
one more badge got added to each of the boys ' uniforms .
i had a couple of these before the night had even begun .
me posing with one of my favorite co workers .
the super star award for which i was about to receive .
me posing with my super star award .
here i am with my boss and another one of my co-workers .
this was a big night for me and my girlfriend , [female] . i was going to receive the super star sales award .
i needed a few drinks to calm my nerves .
that 's my boss at the podium . he 's telling the audience that i am an awesome salesman .
me and the super star sales award . a dream come true .
after this photo was taken , [female] told me she was proud of me . what a great night !
[male] was nervous for the last night of the competition .
here he is greeting some fans .
he sang with kaila for the last time .
then , the judges announced that he won !
[female] was so excited for him , and we were , too .
[male] and his wife are attending [male] 's award and honor show .
he enjoys a drink before the show as he anticipates a fun day .
as winners are being announced [male] is called up to receive his award .
[male] got the award for super star at the award and honor show .
[male] 's wife is very proud of her husbands accomplishments .
i made a special martini recipe for the party .
me and my girlfriend were ready to accept an award .
the award was made of sturdy glass .
i was very happy to win something so highly coveted .
the president and vice president wanted a picture with me before i left .
a really cool fountain of fire .
an up close picture of one of the signs in the cemetery .
a picture dedicating those who lost their lives protecting us .
a building decorated with american flags .
another awesome memorial was outside the cemetery .
tomb of the unknown soldiers in location location .
this is great , all those flags .
soldiers showing respect and honoring our fallen soldiers .
a soldier who had to stand still . i am amazed he did that .
here he is again , walking away .
when we planned our vacation we knew that we would be stopping here to see this spectacle . it just took my breath away and made me shed tears .
i wanted to be moved when i came here . after all this is a place that is reverenced by all that come to the cemetery .
i walked along all the gravestones and just imagined all the lives lost just to give me freedom !
i wanted to make sure we got pictures of everything . i then turned the corner and found
this , this is so beautiful . i stood in front of this monument and stared and cried for almost an hour . i just had to take a picture to remind me every time i opened this photo album just what was given up for me .
it was a day to remember the soldiers that had given up their lives .
the flags were up to honor those who had died .
the soldiers walked solemnly but proudly .
he stood for four days without food or water .
never once flinching .
they decided to visit their brothers grave first on memorial day .
after their private memorial , they headed up the steps , saluting the flags before they continued .
the ceremony finally started , they watched as trumpeters went into position .
our younger brother , who is also in the service , was the last to appear with his bayonet .
he stood strong and held back his tears as he marched down to get in line .
the woman had worked hard at work this week .
she went with her husband to party .
the husband was dressed to impress .
he left the party with another woman .
the wife 's father was in the mob and would kill him .
last night was the awards ceremony for the actors .
many of them received medals for their acting abilities .
they gave speeches thanking everyone for their support .
people congratulated each other on their accomplishments .
at the end of the night , everyone who went home with an award was happy .
the authors got together for their annual celebration .
everyone was excited to meet their favorite authors .
the night went on as there were so many interesting discussions .
there was a lot of smiling .
there were even old favorites who decided to come .
these were some of the friends at the awards ceremony last night .
a lovely couple was getting photographed after the husband won an award .
these men were enjoying a glass of wine and socializing .
i took a picture with a friend .
this man quietly enjoyed the night with his wine .
[female] posed with her friend before i left the room .
a medal was worn around pike 's neck to show off how cool he was .
pike explained the importance of giraffes to a stranger .
chairman [male] took a photo with a fan of his .
the black cowboy hat managed to travel to everyone 's head that night .
one of the first speakers of the ceremony .
here is the award being presented .
some of my favorite people at the ceremony .
we all enjoyed the wonderful feast they had organized for us .
needless to say we had a lot of fun that night .
once the lecture was over , we ate dinner together .
the group took pictures together .
one man drank a lot of wine .
i decided to explore the building .
while i was away , my friends stole my phone and took group pictures .
here is [female] making her first speech of the night .
her whole team was proud of her .
after , we had to celebrate .
[male] got a little lost on the way .
the interns were excited for this meeting , too .
we came out for a great event and to see some presentations .
here one of our colleagues is presented with a very nice award .
we wanted to capture the moment together on this fun night .
there was food for everybody , and even though you ca n't see it , there were drinks too .
by the end of the night things were starting to get out of hand !
getting to go to fancy seminars is a great part of my new job .
i meet a lot of cool people , like these gals !
usually , there is at least one fancy dinner out at a great restaurant .
i love visiting the vaulted halls of the research facilities and universities that put on the seminars .
people think we public servants are a stolid bunch , but they are very wrong !
everyone posed for a picture before the event .
a picture of the men before they started to play .
the men were in a groove and sounded good .
they laid out an excellent feast for us .
everyone was having a great time with the music and food .
it was mom and dad 's anniversary .
they sat on the stage while their kids and family read poems to them , celebrating their marriage and love .
the grandkids took a picture together to capture the day .
the buffet was laid out .
the family dug into the meal , toasting mom and dad throughout .
[female] and [male] celebrate a victory and award in competition .
the stage is filled with people giving out honorable awards .
the men wait in anticipation as the winners head up on stage .
after the show the guests enjoy a buffet at no expense .
the guests and winners chat up the night while having a nice dinner .
finally got a group picture but no one would smile .
a clear shot at the photographer he was running around the night .
funny selfie . finally getting to the fun part .
the food spread was amazing .
look at all these well dressed guests . so classy great event .
here 's my family all together at the formal conference .
everything had a very traditional flair to it .
even the man in the blue suit played the drums with much authenticity .
despite that i think my favorite part may have been the actual banquet portion .
by the crowd of people around the tables i 'm sure i was n't the only one who enjoyed the food !
i was nervously awaiting the start of the race .
the race had begun and everyone was off !
i was trying my best to keep up .
it started to rain and man was it wet !
i was tired after a long day and needed a massage
i 'm bound and determined to do this !
here we go !
time to run and i 'm gon na finish .
not so bad as i '' m almost to the finish line .
i knew i could do it but my feet hurt .
at the race and ready to run
starting to gather together to start the race
then they start the face
she tries her hardest to make it to the top
after the race she sits and rest
[female] was ready to run the marathon .
it started with a bang and everyone sprinted off .
[female] knew she needed to pace herself .
the weather took a turn for the worst .
[female] needed a long , hard massage after running the marathon .
meg was about to run in her first fun run for her favorite charity . she had trained hard and was ready for the day .
as the starting gun went off , runners took to the street to help fight for the cause .
meg was excited and her adrenaline was pumping as she ran down the street with the others .
although meg 's time was not as fast as the other runners , she was determined to get to the finish line .
after she finished the race , meg was exhausted and her muscles were sore . she laid down to receive a complementary massage and reflected on the events of the day .
last night we had the awards ceremony for our fund raiser .
many of the contributors were given plaques for their donations .
they were all very happy to donate .
everybody was happy to help out with the drive .
at the end , a large check was presented for the fund 's benefit .
the awards ceremony was on a monday .
we gave awards to each participant in the program .
these people all had a success story in them .
they came from all walks of life .
at the end we took a group photo .
my company went to an awards event .
many people in the industry were called out for excellent service .
some people from my company also got awards .
we all had a great time .
my company won a check to give to our favorite charity .
the biggest award was given to [female] .
[female] got an award for having integrity .
the amount of awards passed out that night never stopped .
a crowd of people posed for a photo even though i did n't ask .
a giant check was given to a winner who went to the bank right after .
our company 's awards night is always on the last weekend of july .
there are many , many awards given out , in a huge amount of catagories .
most of the awards come with cash , as well as a little painting .
our president , [female] johnson , in the red dress , personally gives out every award .
all the winners gather on the stage at the end .
i still remember the girl scout chant as if i was five years old again .
[female] presented the newest line of cookies that we can offer to help boost our club !
[female] earned a few new badges for doing great deeds .
here are the newest recruits . they look great in the seafoam green !
after we all perform the chant , we decide to talk for a little and go our seperate ways .
it was an honorable night . our our entire troop was graduating tonight !
the room was packed as all of the troop leaders and our mothers were in attendance .
we were all called up to the podium to get our graduation certificates .
we were so happy of our accomplishments !
we all were handed a balloon to celebrate with . i thought it was awesome that the balloons matched our vests .
[female] 's mom was being sworn in to become a party of the group .
[female] had her first big award ceremony and it was a custom for the mom 's to be apart of it .
it was a long and boring ceremony .
finally all of the girls who had received awards could go and have their seats .
they received balloons and nothing else for their participation .
i took a photo of [female] standing up for herself .
the committee loved the amount of energy [female] had .
[female] won an award for her bravery during archery lessons .
things got better when even more girls won awards .
take a balloon and you will be on your way to womanhood . i said that before the ceremony ended .
before the speech each person stands and prepares for the award ceremony .
the speakers can be seen presenting the child with a well earned reward .
another young girl is presented with an award and poses for the camera .
the award winners and speaker are seen here .
after receiving their awards , they were all lined up and presented with balloons .
the organizer of the community spirit awards , [female] , posed for a picture before her opening remarks .
she then took the stage , and explained what the award was about and what it took to win it .
she presented the award to [female] , for all her hard work and dedication .
after the awards were presented , [female] stopped to speak to some of the other volunteers .
she posed for pictures and thanked them all personally for their hard work .
these two ladies are celebrating because they have not seen each other in so long and feel happy .
these people are waiting for the presentation to start .
this lady gives a really interesting talk .
the rest of the audience gets called up to sing a song .
this person steps on stage to say a few words . she is happy since the presentation went well .
i took a photo with a good friend at the award presentation .
my friends sat in the first row eagerly awaiting .
this was what the presentation stage looked like .
a choir of people sang before the awards were presented .
here i am giving away some awards !
there was a community spirit award banquet that i was honored to be a part of .
i got to be on stage as they talked about what i had done this past year .
then i was given the award and people applauded me .
i was so happy and i wanted to capture that moment with my friends .
as you can see , i could n't stop smiling !
today we went to the award ceremony .
we got some of the best seats in the house .
literally we were right in front of the stage .
i was surprised to see so many people received awards this year .
but i was especially surprised to see the key speaker was represented by organization bank .
the venue was dim yet well lit .
the living room was furnished with art .
i checked my paper to see the agenda for today .
once i knew the agenda , i walked around to find this tech object .
at the venue , the electronic music played loudly .
this is the youtube video awards , this is great i get to be here .
well , it looks like a pencil , some people won just for decorating .
neat , a whole room full of drawings , what a great win .
here is the other side , i love this .
and the winner is ... .
the art displays were amazing to look at as we walked up .
there were so many abstract pieces that stood out to us .
they even gave us a time schedule so we could pick which shows to go to .
there were a lot of modern pieces as well .
the music they had playing tied it all together for a great night .
i love to hear people talk that like to write and draw comics that make you think . i have always enjoyed listening to how they view the world . it was almost like a light show that night .
when we were through with the show we went and looked at the exhibit of more of their artwork .
we checked the performance times and saw we had enough time to head to the kiosk
to see some other work on youtube that they had done earlier this year . we had about 20 minutes to spare until the next show started .
and , like clockwork the show started . it seemed so serious at first and then the comedy came our and it was a fantastic show . well worth seeing !
we went to the big youtube party that was held at the end of the convention .
the lobby was decorated with full-figured caricatures made of cardboard of famous people .
there was a schedule of dj performances so we could dance through the night .
youtube even set up a kiosk to record our own videos and post them online to celebrate the event .
the dj 's and bands were incredible and we danced through the night . it was an awesome party .
we saw some really cool pictures . this one was a massive group photo of a school .
a place to read in the library and get a bite to eat .
there were lots of places to sit and relax while you read your book .
i thought it was so cool that there used to be a library mobile
another cool picture of a bunch of students taking an exam .
this is the van for our new library opening today .
this is the new manager of the library . he 's great .
students were told about the library and love the idea because now they do n't have to go across town .
our new library is very nice and clean .
here is one of the librarians doing her job .
my grandma told me about our family coming over to location .
everything back then was a little smaller .
things like libraries and chairs looked different back then .
even buses looked a little strange .
school was stricter than it is now as well .
everyone waiting to go the libary
library set up and nice
different parts of the library set up
bus come and takes them there
they all arrive and begin to read
great-grandmother is pictured in the front row , dressed in a black sweater .
she was always enjoyed reading .
she became a librarian .
public transportation was the only way she had to get to work .
she would visit the library everyday after classes .
we entered my jeep in the mudding competition that came to town .
this was a hole that everyone kept getting stuck in .
it turns out i got stuck too ...
at the end of the tournament , the winner was announced .
we won 2nd place ! my family and i celebrated !
my friend and i went to a mud run .
the track had obsticles and deep , muddy holes .
red bull sponsored the event and had promotional give aways .
they also sponsored some of the vehicles .
the jeep i was rooting for lost after it got stuck got stuck and had to be pulled out of a muddy hole with heavy equipment .
cars are arriving to participate in a monster truck/car event .
the mud track is ready for the event .
the first monster car is making its way through the course .
the winners are announced .
there is dancing and fun afterwards .
last weekend the red bull mud bogging event was crazy !
there were huge ditches filled with water the trucks were expected to drive through !
often the ground was so uneven the trucks looked like they would topple right over .
that evening some people got on stage and talked or entertained .
we all danced outside before taking off for home .
there is a contest today . can this jeep make it through the mud pit challenge ?
here is the mud pit . it is very deep .
the jeep could n't make it out of the mud pit . one side of the jeep just kept sinking in .
at the award ceremony held in a big tent , the jeep did not get an award , it was being towed from the mud .
plenty of people and their children danced to the music after the mud pit challenge .
a group of friends travels to get a newly release book from one of their favorite authors .
the friends gather inside before receiving their copy of the new book .
the book arrives in a box , neatly sealed .
one of the friends opens the front page , revealing a beautiful cover .
the other friends are excited to go hom and begin reading the new book .
waiting for the book signing to begin .
the books are ready and stocked .
he has his copy , where is yours ?
they appreciate the crowd .
and finally , a signed book .
sign directing people to book signing ,
meet the author and have you a book signed
a brand new book in the box
the author signed the book
a man holding a book signed by the author
a group of people gather at a restaurant named pan .
the menu for pan is pictured .
a man holds the menu for pan .
two men discuss the menu and what they would like .
the menu is open .
the writers convention seemed to have downsized this year , why is it so lowkey ?
but in walks [male] gram , he does n't seem to care about how big or small things are .
and he has brought his book , copies for everyone .
he spends hours signing copies for people !
`` i ca n't believe i have a signed [male] gram book ! '' [male] exclaimed .
decorating the babies room was a special day .
we turned the closet into a bookshelf .
the dresser belonged to my sister .
our baby bed was donated by a friend .
all we had to purchase was the colorful rug .
the couple was excited about their first child
they converted their home office into a nursery for their baby boy .
the crib , which had been in the family for years , was given to them by her mother .
some new furniture was purchased from a local store .
colorful paintings and a bright blue rug made the room just right for their new addition to the family .
this is such a great children`s room .
it has wonderful bright colors with all sorts of fun characters .
what child would not want to wake up in here .
this is a very convenient changing table .
the colors on this rug alone will have the childs attention at once .
we painted a cute little beach scene . had fun putting the nursery together .
and organized the built in shelves .
we got the changing table ready to go .
dad got his crib all put together and i worked on the mobile . so excited for this crib to be occupied !
finally found a cute rug that fits in with the rest of the beach and ocean theme for the new nursery .
in preparation for the newborn son this couple is going to have , they gave already decorated his room .
they have make the theme sea and ocean like , the bookshelf is next to a seahorse .
the dresser is a good shade of white and will give the couple space to keep the baby 's clothes .
this is the crib where the baby boy will sleep and grow into a kid .
the rug on the floor matches with the underwater theme that the couple was going for .
today we had a baby shower .
there was some really neat gifts .
lots of people came .
we had a great time .
i got a lot of useful things .
the family gathered to celebrate a baby shower .
the mom-to-be wore a ribbon , and the family all sat around her .
one of the baby shower games was to taste different flavors of baby food .
after the games , presents were opened , including plenty of diapers .
after the presents , the family celebrated with a delicious cake .
celebration for the new coming infant baby boy .
there are all kinds of gifts in blue .
mom is happy reveling in the baby`s anticipation .
family members are waiting anxiously to spoil that baby boy .
gifts are overflowing off the table .
such a cute cake . it tasted so delicious .
a beautiful airplane themed diaper and baby supply display .
everyone had such fun playing the games .
we all enjoyed the baby shower . it was so nice to see everyone .
thank you to all for coming and for the many thoughtful gifts !
we are having a baby shower for the new baby being born
men and women both can come to this one .
some of the guys are being really funny .
lots of gifts were given at the party
the cake said it 's a boy and had a giraffe on it
a few of us got together on saturday to for a baby shower .
little [female] got to the cake before we could cut out .
we played many games . my favorite was the diaper game .
look at nana trying to get the diaper on !
my aunt and uncle did quite well !
the family is gathered for a birthday party .
they get to eat chocolate cake .
but first someone smells stinky . who is going to change her .
no one wants to do it .
finally grandma and mom come to rescue and change the baby 's bum .
everyones getting together today .
there`s a baby shower going on .
presents for the mom to show her how to treat a baby .
must be a 1st time mom , so nice to see the support she has .
family and friends want to help in every way they can .
we all gathered together for a fun baby shower .
the cake and goodies were all so delicious .
these two had the most fun playing the games .
they were real pro 's at this game .
opening all of the thoughtful gifts was so fun . thank you to all .
[male] showers are becoming very popular these days .
cakes and goodies fro m the finest shop impress guests .
there are even contests to play .
these guys are partaking in the diaper changing game .
it looks like these people have some experience in changing diapers
the bride to be poses for the camera with a tiara and sunglasses .
her family is all there including her baby .
she poses with her mother whom she looks a lot like .
next she takes a photo with her older sister .
her mother has her baby in a carrier .
it was beckys baby shower
she got all kinds of great gifts
she was so happy
her friends spoiled her
her mom cant wait to be a grandmother
[female] was happy to turn 21 .
her friends gave her many gifts .
[female] smiled as she held up a gift from her friend [female]
her friends were all so happy to be with her at her party .
her mom was so proud of her daughter .
this is a picture of a woman .
a woman is opening a gift .
a woman is wearing a hat .
this is a picture of a crowd .
this is a picture of two women .
the family got together for a family reunion .
they all loved the children .
mom and daughter were very happy .
the sisters were excited to see each other .
grandma loves her grandson .
[female] made a big bowl of gelatin for the party .
everyone loved it and had a blast .
the cake was animal themed and beautiful .
the second cake was elegant and sparkly .
and there were even subtle and classic roses there .
[female] threw jane a baby shower .
[female] got one of those baby on the floor play sets .
[female] 's mother made a cake with sparklers .
[female] thanks everyone with a toast , but not with alcohol .
she gives each of the people who came a rose on their way out .
looks like a quaint little baby shower .
cute presents for the new baby to come .
the cake is very festive with its sparklers and all .
friends and family showing love and support .
beautiful flowers for the mom to be .
what a fun day . i enjoyed every minute of this baby shower .
this was a beautiful gift i received .
the cake and food was so yummy !
we all had fun socializing and playing the games .
i received a beautiful flower arrangement . thank you so much to all who came .
it was baby shower time for a co worker
we got her all kinds of great gifts
one of the best ones was this one
the cake was amazing with sparklers and fruit .
roses were also given to her to let her know we will miss her
today we had a gathering .
there was lots of food .
it was all arranged well .
we got to spend a lot of time together .
we had a great time .
everyone sat patiently at the baby shower , waiting for the events to begin .
[female] thanked everyone for coming to her baby shower .
there were plenty of food items that [female] and her family had prepared for the guests .
the main centerpiece of the food was the cake .
[female] received many gifts , such as a lovely baby bassinet .
the whole family gathered for her birthday and everyone was excited .
the birthday girl couldnt keep a smile off her face .
the food was great and plentiful , everyone chipped a little something in .
the cake was big and was the perfect flavor for the occasion .
we all winded down with some tea at the end and had a great time .
a get together with family and friends for a wonderful occasion .
the baby will soon be here , the baby shower is a success .
there was good food all over the place .
including plenty cake and all kinds of other goodies .
people had a good time .
these two were so helpful setting everything up .
do you think we had enough food ?
more food . it just does n't stop !
we all had such fun playing games and socializing .
thank you to all of you that were able to make it !
i made an album for my friend 's surprise baby shower .
i included all of the rsvp cards with their messages that everyone returned .
i asked each person i invited to write a few sentences of advise for the new mother to be .
these are some more of the messages people wrote .
i think this album will be something my sister will treasure for a long time .
this is a collection of cards written to a newborn mother .
for example , this card was gifted to us by a very close friend .
all of the cards were filled with love and well-wishes .
some of them included different styles of cards and gift cards .
this is something i will keep and cherish forever .
letters can say more than just words and this box of letters was amazing .
i received a letter from mom that almost made me cry .
the kids gave me this and even though it was so simple it was still beautiful .
i got a letter from my sister reminding me how much i love books and that i still owed the library one .
the family always knows how to cheer me up , theres beauty in everything .
the finished baby shower memory book .
a cute shot of the baby shower invite .
a page with handwritten notes and memories .
another page with handwritten notes .
the back cover of the finished album .
the invitation to a baby shower needs to be very creative
there are so many options to look at
they can be styled to your preference
that is the fun part getting to pick your favorite
we made our decision and went with this one
i went to a baby shower of a friend of mine , they little girl was being named [female] .
there were a lot of relatives that attended as well .
this is a picture of the mom to be , she looked great .
there was some great finger foods to go with the the cake .
some of the decorations were realy pretty and enjoyable .
today we had a baby shower for one of our friends .
here is a bunch of my coworkers and closest friends , ready to celebrate the event .
in this picture are mother and daughter , just a different idea of how we see them .
no matter how old you are , your mom will always be your mom .
this was truly a lovely and gift-filled day for the new mom .
today [female] was born , which we commemorated by having a delicious cake made .
lots of friends and family came over for the party .
attendees included a lady in a yellow shirt and a lady in a purple shirt , who were very happy to be there .
lots of elderly women found their way to the party .
many of them brought great gifts to celebrate .
this was one of the best cakes i 've ever had . it was so cute too .
such a great group of people gathered together to celebrate .
these two were the life of the party .
it was great to see so many faces here .
i am so thankful for all of the thoughtful gifts we received . thank you .
its almost time for [female] to be born
so everyone got togther for a baby shower
brookes mom is very happy and cant wait to give birth
there was amazing food at the party
and the invitation was so creative
i recently went to a restuarant with a big group of my family .
this was the kitchen staff that did a great job preparing the meals .
this was a group of the yonger girls from the family .
this is a picture of my sister and her new boyfriend , they look happy toghther .
i did take a selfie at the end of the night , it may not have been my best idea .
we decided to have a family get together at a steakhouse .
many family members attended .
the food was outstanding !
everyone had a great night .
we thanked and tipped the cooks at the end !
the whole family gathered at our favorite steak house .
the parents love it there , they can eat seconds and thirds if we let them .
big sis cant keep the fork away , im sure she can live here if had too .
this place makes the whole family smile .
a big thanks to the workers for making us an amazing dinner .
this looks like a great place to have a good dinner .
getting together with family is always fun .
the restaurant is very dimly lit .
we have a family of at least 10 , good times .
the kitchen is non stop with good food all day long .
having a fun night out with the gang .
this restaurant was so good . we had a blast .
even the baby had too much fun , now he 's sleepy .
these two love birds make such a cute couple .
this guy is such a goof !
[male] 's coworkers decided to throw him a baby shower .
they look at all the preparations and are very pleased .
the centerpiece is very cute and appropriate .
they also decided to have banners .
when [male] sits down he is very surprised by the thoughtfulness of his friends .
[male] was in charge of decorations for the baby shower , they even let him use a ladder .
he did a great job !
pink was the preferred color for the decorations because [male] was adopting a daughter .
he was surprised and pleased when he saw what all his coworkers had done for him .
everyone was pleased when the cake was served .
they are setting up an office baby shower .
the decorations are so cute , the mother will be happy .
this center piece is so appropriate for the occasion .
it would be nice to find out the sex of the baby .
there is cake and presents to come for the expecting mother .
it was so thoughtful of him to help set up for the baby shower .
the office looked so cute . everyone did a fantastic job decorating !
the cake was so cute and so very delicious !
he ca n't wait to dig into the cake .
we all had a wonderful time eating and socializing . thank you for throwing this shower for me .
nothing like a baby shower at an office to set the mood
we put balloons around the place
and even got a pink cake since the baby will be a girl
the so to be father was very surprised
he couldnt believe we did this for him
last weekend was the baby shower for my new child .
here i am with my wife , getting ready to open presents .
grandpa [male] was probably the happiest one at this event .
someone gifted us a stuffed monkey . my wife was not amused .
perhaps the largest present was this stuffed ride-able horse .
the baby shower was a lot of fun .
the mom to be had the best day .
even the dad and granddad joined in the fun .
the sweetest gift was the pony horse that belonged to the dad when he was a baby .
the grandparents were great sports with the games .
this cake is so appropriate and so right for a baby shower .
presents for mom to open on the table .
family and friends beaming with excitement .
the mother happy with the way the baby shower turned out .
the baby will love to ride this stuffed animal .
this is a picture of the gorgeous cake we had . it was also so delicious .
the happy couple opening their gifts .
this guy is always goofing off . he made the party fun .
we got this cute little monkey . the baby will love it .
such a thoughtful gift . we absolutely love this horse and know the baby will also .
finally , they were expecting !
a couples baby shower at a local clubhouse was the perfect place to celebrate this long waited occasion !
even grandpa played along with the games .
the stuffed monkey was perfect for the jungle themed nursery !
but the favorite gift of all was the big stuffed horse !
we are having a shower party for the new baby .
the guests deserve to be feed grandly .
they game bearing gifts for the baby 's entertainment .
the baby 's wardrobe grew by the minute .
some of the gifts really delighted the parents .
they are getting lots of presents for their baby shower .
she wants to know if they think the outfit will fit . silly mommy the outfit is for your baby .
her favorite present is the finger puppets .
after opening presents everyone gathers around the table for dessert .
the crowning dessert for the event is obviously this delicious cake .
today was a big day and all big days deserve a cake !
the food was plentiful and had a little something for everyone .
soon it would be time to open presents for the baby shower .
great gifts included these awesome pajamas for the baby .
all kinds of presents in big and small packages were given that day . it was a great shower .
this woman is at her baby shower receiving gifts .
maybe she is having a girl because of all the pink .
she is very happy with friends and family gathering for this occasion .
so many great things to eat , cakes and cookies galore .
the cake looks like it will be delicious .
such a beautiful and delicious cake .
the food was out of this world . everyone out did themselves .
i had a blast playing with these little finger puppets .
one of the many beautiful gifts we received . such a cute sleeper .
thank you all for the very thoughtful gifts .
the husband and wife are surprised when their friends throw them a surprise baby shower .
it is their first baby and the house is decorated beautifully .
someone put a lot of time and effort into creating a gorgeous cake .
all of their friends are enjoying the desserts , especially the chocolate fountain .
there are also drinks and then they will open presents .
life is competition in the [male] family
these two challenged his brother to a baby making competition . whoever lost must pay the other 's medical bills
he won .
she has lost so much she has given up on the family
these two placed bets on who could chug the most of their grandpa 's whiskey . such did the days transpire in the location line .
mom and dad sitting and receiving gifts for their baby .
the streamers are nice and colorful , very festive .
the cake is just the cutest thing , love the way its decorated .
friends and family gathered for support and fun .
they really did a good job of making a nice happy baby shower .
the happy expecting couple . so excited for these two .
the decorations were all so cute .
the cake was not only cute , but tasty too .
everyone especially loved the chocolate fountain . these are dangerous .
this was one of the many fun games we played ! had such fun today at the baby shower .
[female] and [male] sat together opening their gifts .
their house was nicely decorated with colorful ribbons .
[female] made the baby shower cake for the special occasion .
the guest at the shower all seemed to loved the chocolate fountain .
the glasses were filled with colorful , tasty liquid at the bottom .
she celebrated her newest arrival with friends and family .
he anticipated a new sibling .
and was ready to take on his new role .
there was plenty of cake for all .
she would devour more slices than anyone .
guess who is having a baby ? the mama is very proud to have everyone here for her party .
these are all three of the grandmas . they each made a beautiful quilt for the baby .
it 's time to open presents . who got her the stroller ?
after the presents it is time for cake . the cake color shows that she is having a girl .
the guests have to be careful because it looks like mama might eat all that cake by herself .
the whole family gathered for the birthday present .
our boy loved his stuff and couldnt wait to get his hands on the gifts .
he was amazed by everything he saw , no gift went unloved .
the beautiful cake was amazing and tasted just as great .
it was a great birthday , lets do it again next year !
mom is waiting for the okay to start opening her presents .
family and friends are waiting to see what she gets for the baby .
wow ! , what a great stroller .
this cake is pretty and pink , maybe it`s a girl .
i know the mother can`t wait to taste the cake .
about to start opening gifts at the baby shower .
what a great group of women gathered together to celebrate .
such a thoughtful gift . this stroller will get so much use .
the beautiful cake ! it was so delicious .
i seriously was dying to dive into this awesome looking cake . it tasted every bit as good as it looked !
today a bunch of my friends brought their babies over for a huge playdate .
us moms sat around and chatted while supervising .
all the catering was basically for us and the babies got none .
here is grandma [male] sitting with her favorite grandchild .
this is a soon to be mom , and one of my best friends .
she was going to have here miracle baby and to day was her [male] shower party .
her love ones and family friends came over to be apart of this special event .
they had conversations and ate cup cakes .
they read stories of mother and child to soon to be mommy .
grandma was super excited this was going to be her first grand child .
the kids were ready to play , theres no slowing these two down !
me and sis had a hard time keeping them under control but it wasnt too bad .
we had cupcakes everywhere , it was cupcake paradise .
grandma can never keep her hands off the baby .
and theres another one coming too , this family never ends .
this mother to be is having a small baby shower .
family and friends come over to celebrate the happy occasion .
lots of goodies on the table ready to eat .
other mothers having a good time as well .
grandmother to be highly anticipating the new baby .
the beautiful mother to be . looking gorgeous ... and ready to pop .
a preview of coming attractions .
the food was so delicious . everyone outdid themselves .
this was such a cute book . thank you for all of the gifts .
she is so excited to be a grandma .
sabina collects dolls from all around the world .
some of her favorites are the asian influenced dolls .
she has dolls of families and groups of friends .
this is her favorite doll set .
she even has doll replicas of her favorite sports team .
we are visiting a store that sells dolls .
the dolls are very colorful and bright .
some of the dolls look like they might be from location .
the dolls come in different sizes , some are bigger then others .
in addition to selling dolls , the store also sells plastic food for the dolls .
the toys we saw on display were great , heres a king with all his servants .
we arent sure who this lady was supposed to be but her display was beautiful .
these dolls were a little creepy , i wonder where they are from ?
we called these the doll family because how close they were .
heres some playing soccer . all the miniatures were amazing .
these little figures are showing an ethnic scene .
i believe these figures are indian women .
this is showing the people in their religion .
the women in this picture wear a lot of gold jewelry .
this looks like some sort of sport , like volleyball or football .
many beautiful handmade figurines .
these beautiful items were so colorful .
a set of authentic cultural items .
this set of dolls was so lifelike .
this scene was very realistic . i enjoyed looking at all of the figurines on display .
the father-to-be was honored at a work party .
his co-workers bought paints to decorate onesies for his new child .
they co-workers had fun coming up with designs and painting the onesies .
one of the co-workers showed off her design .
many of the designs were relevant to the baby 's father .
everyone is getting ready for [female] 's office baby shower .
here is a few of the staffers talking to lucky [female] who just is all smiles .
here is [female] with a cute little baby outfit .
here is some of the office workers enjoying watching [female] open her many gifts .
here is [male] always the one to be the life of the party .
co workers sharing in the celebration of a new baby .
an office baby shower is taking place .
[male] decorations line the table .
cute little onesies for the baby with funny sayings .
it was a great baby shower .
this guy is excited to be a new dad .
we had a blast at the baby shower .
this crew was so creative . they made personalized baby outfits .
this was one of the many hysterical outfits she designed .
so sad , but so true . thank you to all that helped celebrate .
here is the proud dad to be sitting at the crafting table .
a picture of the parents to be listening to their instructor .
here is another picture of the mom to be surrounded by other expected parents .
a friend holds up a completed baby t-shirt made by the mom to be .
here is the completed baby t-shirt made by the proud dad .
we had a party for a new baby
the event was overlooked by these 3 people , the owners of the house .
the event was both social and well organized , but overall casual .
as seen here , we even had to use microphones and scripts to get everything organized .
overall , the event was very lighthearted and nice .
the party was full of loved ones
and the tables and everything looked amazing
people were everywhere
even on the top balcony
and some were just dancing and having fun .
the samples and gifts were laid out neatly and enticingly .
weird uncle [male] watched the going-ons below with his buddy [male] and the strange bird lady from apartment 2-a .
not everyone can rock an [male] capp hat , and the woman in the black dress proved not to be an exception to this .
[female] was ready to talk about all the wonderful things you could do with a wild lamb .
at the end , there was only a lot of fruit and middle-life ennui remaining .
everyone is coming together for a happy occasion , its a baby shower .
cute little party favors , all having to do with the baby ,
friends and family here to support the mother to be .
a beautiful day for a party .
the mother is so happy the way the shower turned out .
the guest all sat and stood around outside during the event .
the table was decorated with lots of cool gifts and games to play .
the neighbor [female] begged for three guest to come down and join the festivities .
the three guests laughed at her because she was saying funny things .
[female] started dancing to some good music while standing by her friend .
we were all well equipped for the baby shower to come .
everyone gathered in the living room and enjoyed snacks
big sister is excited to watch .
dad is goofing around and talking on the phone .
mom goes into labor at the party .
setting up for the baby shower .
the family is seating eating and having a good time at the party .
time for gift opening .
dad received a gift basket for baby .
mom had a contraction and is receiving a massage .
heres brother and dad getting everything ready for the party .
the whole family was here , nobody missed out today .
she loved her presents , i dont think she stopped smiling for a minute .
brother and sister having some bonding time .
at the end she was exhausted and we had to help her . im sure she loved it though .
this are all the ingredients that i use the make my super cocktail .
the family enjoyed a nice lunch
the baby was pretty excited to see so many family members .
it was n't that surprising .
i got a little back pain from running around all day .
here is a picture of all the different drinks that were consumed at the shower .
these are our guess sitting and chatting amongst each other .
this is little [female] , a happy niece that attended the shower with her parents .
the proud dad to be making funny faces in the camera .
the mom to be trying to relax with the help of her two best friends .
the guests brought many gifts to the party .
some were small and collective in nature .
others were larger and more practical .
plenty of photos were taken to remember the event .
the younger guests were as excited as the adults .
i went to a baby shower for a friend of mine .
the new sister to be was very excited for this day .
the cake looked really great , it was all pink and yellow .
some of the clothes that she received were just adorable .
i got a picture of me with the mom-to-be , and her mother .
look at the cute sign that marks the way to the shower .
here is adorable little girl making sure everyone gets a balloon at the shower .
i think the baby is going to be a girl and the guess comes from the color of the cake .
this baby is going to have the cutest clothes .
here is the mom to be being treated like royalty on her special day .
she is preparing for the baby shower .
her other child i 'd setting up the balloons .
the cake for the shower looks delicious .
the mom is so happy with her gifts .
the friends are so happy for the mom .
i threw my best friend [female] a huge baby shower last week .
i decided on a care bears them , as she and i both love those bears !
i found some care bears wrapping paper . [female] loved it !
even though it 's [female] 's second child , i wanted the party to be special . you can see i 'm a little stressed out here !
but it was all worthwhile to see [female] in the big special chair enjoying her big day .
family and friends gathered for the special event .
her new baby was only weeks away .
her friends brought lots of gifts that would come in handy in a few weeks .
she really enjoyed the special day .
even her 2 year old had a great time at the party for his new brother or sister .
this a baby shower for a new mother with a bunch of friends and family .
here is the new mother opening up gifts .
the presents were passed around and admired .
this boy will become an older brother soon .
he will need to learn to get along with his younger sibling .
women playing games at a baby shower .
what a nice big basket of baby goodies for the mom .
friends and family having fun making the shower a success .
mom to be opening her presents and very happy about it .
a sweet little baby having a good time on the floor .
the council is in session .
so many blues and browns for my nice boy .
someone has to take charge .
that 's a very nice gift .
the baby really enjoyed all the attention .
the women gathered for a baby shower .
many neat presents were presented to the new mother .
lists were handed out as part of a fun game .
the mother was very happy with the items she received from the other women .
even the kids had a grand old time !
our little daughter had so much fun jumping yesterday .
it was her birthday and she was very happy with our work .
our son was not as happy but we managed to keep him normal .
my aunt bought my daughter a new outfit for bed and we were grateful .
my daughter turned twelve on yesterday , and she tore the pinata up !
today is [male] 's 7th birthday and she 's celebrating by having a huge party in her backyard , complete with a bouncy bouncer .
no child 's birthday party would be complete with sweet goodies to enjoy , such as this tasty cotton candy .
[male] 's parents , [female] and [male] keep a close watch nearby since a bunch of 7 year olds can get pretty rowdy , especially after eating a lot of sweets .
[male] takes a swing a her pinata , hoping to get her hands on even more sweet things to eat .
to be a good sport , [female] takes her turn at the pinata , in hopes that other adults will join in the fun .
the kids came out in full force today for the jumper .
thats not to say they didnt love the ice cream too !
even the baby found something fun to do .
mom knows the baby is going to love his new onesie . organization forever .
she of course ended the day hitting that dang pinata . you had it coming pinata !
a happy little girl having a fun birthday day .
she can pretty much do whatever she wants today , within reason .
mom and dad letting their little girl have the time of her life .
a pinata to top it all off , full of goodies .
everyone gets a turn , the day was a big success .
the young girl is having fun jumping as high as she can at the picnic 's jumping gym .
after the jumping gym , she devours her cotton candy , her new favorite dessert .
her little brother , though , is content just to have a little quiet time with his pacifier .
mom is thrilled to get a new romper for her toddler .
no party is complete without a piata , and the young girl is the first to give it a whack .
the party started outside
the kids were having a ball in the strett
then we went inside to open gifts
they were very excited to see what they had recieved
and were very thankful to everyone .
the family is gathered together for a baby shower .
someone thinks it would be funny to give a blue ball as a present .
they go inside to open the real presents .
they have a fun time opening and admiring the presents .
the mom 's most favorite gift is this gorgeous quilt .
the whole family gathered today at the house . nobody wanted to miss this .
first things first though , got ta get all set up for the party .
heres all the baby shower gifts . what can be inside ? !
heres the mom to be opening her presents , that baby will love those little booties .
the whole family was curious what can be in the next box . the gifts were great .
people gathering for a baby shower .
friends and family having a good time outside .
plenty presents for mom to be .
mom to be sitting down opening the gifts .
happy and thankful with the presents received .
the whole family showed up for the baby shower .
even lulu , who hobbled around on her crutches .
there were so many gifts it covered the fireplace .
who ever thought you 'd need so many things for a baby .
oh , i think this gift is for mom .
it was a day to celebrate new life .
everyone brought a gift for the unborn baby boy and the mother-to-be .
friends and family watched on as each gift was opened .
the sister of the unborn baby boy gave a speech about her excitement .
she even picked out a special outfit for her baby brother to wear home from the hospital .
the house is ready for the baby shower .
the soon to be grandmother is excited to be there .
the presents are mysterious because so many are large .
family and friends enjoy the party .
after the birth , one of the large presents is put to use .
it was almost birthday party time
the presents were neatly arranged
the party begin with presents opening
and they all gathered around
she enjoyed the best birthday in years
i was so excited to announce ''it 's a boy '' but now its time to cut the cake .
my guest bought just enough gifts .
i enjoyed opening the gifts with family and friends .
my niece wanted to help with the gifts , so i let her .
i am so grateful to have caring people in my circle .
they sang happy birthday to the birthday girl and cut her cake
after they cut the cake she went to her presents and wanted to open them
they all gathered together and the mom passed her over all her presents
she started to open them
after she open them she showed everybody her gifts and thanked them .
yesterday [female] 's mother came over to help decorate her sons room .
her son is about 3 years old .
they were going to take the crib out and put pictures on the walls .
[female] had drawn the pictures herself .
she was really happy to have her mothers help to get it all done .
last night i invited my entire family over for dinner .
there were a lot of children dancing .
they had a great time playing .
afterward there was a lot of mess to clean up .
the children had written all over the walls .
the two sisters hugged each other after a visit
this was one of their son 's
he was going to be a big brother
the nursery was almost complete
and she could just imagine the new baby
these sisters have not seen each other in a long time .
the little boy has gotten so big since the last time they all got together .
after visiting for a while , it is time for the baby to go to bed .
soon after that the little boy has to go to bed as well .
now that the kids are asleep , the sisters can have some adults only time , and really catch up .
my best friend came to visit me and my son !
he was so exited we could n't get a good picture at first .
but then he stopped for one whole second .
we showed her our bedroom .
she loved our hand-drawn wall scene .
what we need to know before we swim .
people on the beach enjoying a great day .
floating in the location location is always easy .
learning to ride a camel is hard work .
looking out across the sea at the mountains .
[male] and [female] traveled to the location . they wanted to experience the location location .
[male] was shocked at how light he felt in the water .
[female] wanted to ride a camel while they were there .
they came across a religious ceremony on day 3 .
before leaving [female] made sure to check out the local bazaar .
we did not read the sign before proceeding to the fun .
we went swimming and just floated in the water .
we took a camel to get back to the city .
we found some men performing in front of our hotel .
we decided to walk around the streets and market before the sun went down .
this beach had very clear directions of what not to do in the area .
not like we had any kids running around to break rules . just a bunch of adults having a swell simple time .
i just floated on my back and let the water take me .
at night time , a stranger came and tried to sell us a camel .
the mountains surrounding the ocean was beautiful though .
it was high time i took my family on a trip to the location location .
i floated in there for a few hours .
our transportation was rad and made us laugh .
we met so many interesting people in the city .
there were so many souvenirs available in the shops as we left .
unbeknownst to grandpa , his kids planned a surprise 80th birthday party .
grandpa was so happy to see his brother [male] .
he also caught up with his daughter [female] .
grandpa had such a good time seeing the grandchildren .
the night ended with a great family picture .
the family got together for a reunion dinner .
even grandma came .
they enjoyed cups of coffee after dinner .
the families too pictures to create another book of memories .
it was wonderful to congregate and talk and as always they said they should do it more often .
[male] was excited to eat at the annual nursing home benefit .
his helper put an orange bib on him
and then he began to dig in .
he met some nice benefactors in suits who sat as his table while he ate .
these benefactors were so impressed with the nursing home that they decided to donate more money to it in order to help people like [male] made the most of the last years of their life .
the family went to a large dinner event together .
they met up with some old friends .
then they talked around the table .
they met some new friends along the way .
everyone had such a fun evening .
dad was worried naturally about his upcoming hospital stay .
we helped him feel better with a special dinner out the night before where he could visit with family and friends .
it really helped take his mind off things by being involved in conversations with others .
he was full of stories he shared with others all night .
it was nice to have the family all together to help give him support .
it was a great day for me .
i finally became a man in jewish tradition .
i was really excited .
i read the passages .
and when the ceremony as over we all went home to celebrate .
[male] is my oldest son and today is his bar mitzpha .
i am please when we are able to get family photos while we are all dressed up .
the ceremony was inspirational , i am so proud of [male] .
rabbi goldsmith is matthews favorite rabbi .
the entire family attended , it is nice to have a photo of all of us together on this special occasion .
today is my bar mitzvah and i am both nervous and excited .
my parents and my sister are with me to give their love and support .
i paid close attention during the ceremony .
it was a relief when it was over and my dad hugged me , i felt great .
afterwards , my grandparents and the rest of my family joined us for a celebration .
it was [male] 's bat mitzvah tonight , and he was all smiles .
his family came out to honor little [male] .
the priest read a blessing over him ,
and then his dad hugged him .
his whole family dressed up nicely for the occasion and they had a party to celebrate afterwards .
the family was so happy
that the boy was becoming a member of the church .
he smiled for the camera
and read aloud
before having the priest read .
a party is being thrown for one of the towns leading supporters and soon to be governor .
a lot of people have shown up to the party dressed in their best .
a very nice dinner has been set up in the mans honor .
entertainment comes in many forms with kids dancing to hip hop music .
even some of the adults try to get in a few dance moves before the night is over .
it was grandpa [male] 's birthday party .
his favorite granddaughter was there with his dog [female] .
his sons were also there and that excited him .
they had some of his favorite food at the party , including bagels .
some of his favorite food is also lox .
family gathered for the event .
we all came to celebrate ,
and enjoy good food .
the young ones danced and took silly photos ,
until their parents started to embarrass them .
[male] was celebrating his anniversary in a grand fashion .
he had this huge get together where he invited most everyone from both sides .
even his brother .
there was a chef there who cooked up a storm .
and even little give-a-ways .
this old timer was the life of the party !
though he was rivaled by the puppy everyone doted over .
these two old friends did a lot of catching up .
and of course everyone enjoyed the food .
there was of course quite a lot of it , but everyone tried to make sure there were no leftovers !
this is my jewish friend [male] .
[male] had some sort of celebration at the temple yesterday .
they were reading from this big scroll .
onlookers watched from the balcony .
here is the view from over their shoulders .
it was [male] 's big day . he was now a man .
he went in front of the rabbi for his ceremony .
the family watched from the stands .
his father placed the hat upon him .
then the priest and he read from the organization . he was now a man .
it was the boy 's coming of age ceremony .
he was treated as a man for the first time .
the rabbi brought out the holy book .
the family looked on with pride
as the rabi and the soon to be man read off the torah together .
a rabbi performing a bar mitzvah .
the rabbi blesses the young man .
the reading of the torah is very important .
friends and family watch the ceremony .
the rabbi and young man read the torah .
today my friend had his bar mitzph .
i 'm not jewish but they tell me today he becomes a man .
this thing was neat to see even though i do n't know what it is .
his aunts were all so excited for him .
he then read to us from this book in a foreign language . it was pretty neat .
this little guy was new to swimming .
he felt secure in the floatie .
the bigger people were old pros in the pool .
goggles made swimming much more fun .
after swimming , it was time for a snack .
this is my sister and her family .
this is my brother 's family .
my niece is older than she looks .
here are several of the kids together .
they can get pretty ornery when they 're together .
we finally got the pool opened up for the [female] . our next step was to get the grandkids over
after lots of sunscreen applications we all got in the pool .
their dad was playing with the older ones .
here is [male] , he looked so cute with his snorkel on .
after all the swimming [female] and [male] had some snacks on the deck . what a great way to end the day .
[male] got in the pool with daddy for the first time .
she took to it very wall .
the other kids stayed back to keep from splashing baby .
my son got tired quick .
after the pool , it was snack time for all !
it was baby 's first pool party .
she loved her floatie .
the big kids practiced life saving .
my son did a little snorkeling .
[male] decided it was time for some chips after all that swimming .
it 's time for a batmitzva !
everyone in the community was invited to witness .
and by everyone i mean everyone .
good times were had .
love was in the air .
today was the official day of my conversion to organization .
my ceremony was with a few other young men .
here we all are being very happy to have this new religion .
my family was there with me .
my sister stuck a pose with me after the ceremony .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place
people gathered at a temple for a jewish ceremony .
scriptures were unrolled and documents were read .
the members gathered at the altar during the ceremony .
afterward friends posed happily for photographs .
a young couple were very happy to have participated in the ceremony ,
the pastor was at the event
and they were happy .
they all took photos
with each other
and they were smiling .
today is our family reunion
little [female] is looking all cute in her little dress
mom and i smiled for the camera
red is having his favorite fruit punch i make
me and little [female] posing for the photo
the family gathered at the miller 's house for the reunion .
brother [male] and [male] had n't seen each other in 3 years .
their wives barb and [female] were happy to see each other , too .
[male] enjoyed the food and orange drink more than usual !
as everyone left , little [female] miller said she hoped they all visit again .
everyone in the family got together for thanksgiving .
the brothers had fun getting caught up on each others lives .
grandma [female] taught her daughter in law how to bake the family secret cookies .
everyone worried and hoped [male] would get over his `` orange '' phase .
the cousins all got along and the dinner went off without of hitch .
the party was a huge hit .
the kids had a great time .
my mom was very happy to meet everyone .
we had a lot of snacks .
afterward we played games together .
all of the family got together for a holiday party this year .
even a couple of the younger children that they had not seen since they were babies .
the mother and daughter wanted to get photos together .
their nephew showed up as well . he has grown so much since the last time they saw him .
everyone is fulfilled and says their goodbyes .
it 's time to celebrate ! not because it is [male] 's bar mitzvah , no ones even jewish here , we 're just super funny hipsters .
anyways ! the reason for celebration , because it 's friday night , hooray ! let 's get some fondue !
next on the agenda ; the bowling alley ! do you get it ? please do not loft balls , and i 'm sitting on it , my balls are there . man am i funny !
[female] is the most unique of the group , i 've never seen anyone like her , does n't she make you laugh !
after 2 entire beers things got a little weird , we realized we had n't even bowled and spent the past few hours messing around in a bowling alley , it 's time to pack it up fellas !
we were taking our brother out for his birthday .
we stopped at a local restaurant for drinks and food .
the food was great .
we took some pictures for memories before we left .
when we got home we surprised our brother with a birthday cake .
the night was full of humor and fun , and the cake was no exception .
food and friends were plentiful .
the group went to a local bowling alley and continued the fun there .
shenanigans abounded as the friends laughed and laughed .
the night went on but the group did n't slow down a bit .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place
the young man recently celebrated his bar mitsva at the restaurant .
everybody was so excited and happy for the young man .
the young man had to take a break from all the dancing .
here is his mom being weird .
later that evening the dancing became silly and clumsy !
it was the day of [male] 's bar mitzvah .
guests were invited to get an airbrushed shirt to commemorate the event .
[male] felt like a real man hanging out with the older guys .
lots of family and friends came to celebrate .
[male] made wonderful memories of his special day .
[female] has that look in her eye again .
this is [female] with our mother .
this is [female] and her husband .
i have a sister named [female] .
[female] has a child from a previous marriage .
[male] was officially a big boy at his location location .
to get into his party , family members had to donate the tackiest artwork they could find .
[male] did n't remember much of the night . he could drink alcohol now .
all of [male] 's family was present and proud to witness [male] become a man .
here is [male] trying not to fall of his chair !
we were having a mother 's day celebration at church .
this is a picture of my mother and i .
this is a picture of my boyfriend and i at the celebration as well .
my sister was so happy to make it , as her flight was delayed multiple times .
this is my niece , she is so adorable .
the entrance has the poster up for [male] 's party .
people have posted pictures for [male] that tell him who attended .
[male] poses with his father and uncle at the event .
this is [male] 's mother , father and uncles .
[male] starts the activities off with a bang , riding on his cousins shoulders .
this is my grandfather .
this is my grandfather and my grandmother together .
this is my dad 's family .
my dad was a businessman .
this is me a long time ago from the same photo album .
you would n't know it look at him here , but [male] lived quite a life .
he was fortunate to have a wonderful family who always did things together like summer vacations at the beach .
in college he was a member of a collegiate band .
he went to the military and served his country well .
then he formed a company and with hard work became a rich an powerful man .
this was great-grandpa when he was serving in the army in world war 2 .
he met great-grandma and they got married just before he deployed overseas .
when he got out of the army he went to law school and joined the law office of brown and brown .
he was later promoted to partner .
a few years later , grandpa was born .
i love to travel
this place is amazing
so much to see
and do
i love this place .
the grandkids were always happy to visit .
they 're interested in when their parents were kids .
and they 're also interested in when their grandparent 's were kids .
they love seeing special pictures , like their father 's first vehicle .
seeing everyone now is different from what they show in the pictures .
the audience lined up to see [male] doherty in concert .
[male] began by talking to the crowd .
he checked the volume and settings on his amp .
then he walked up to the microphone .
he later had to have a smoke , but did n't want to leave the stage .
the concert was pretty crowded .
the lead singer talked a lot .
at one point he put on a hat and lit a cigarette .
this is him playing the guitar .
at the end of the show he was quite sweaty .
standing outside the venue before the show .
the show was very dark and put you in a certain mood .
the lead singer lit candles before he started the show .
it was a mix of a few great songs and we loved it .
the lead singer was so chill and laid back .
we go to a dinner party .
the theme was halloween .
[male] really went out of the way for his custome .
then the band starts to play .
it was a great night
we went to watch our friend preform tonight .
he looked awesome on stage .
his music is so good and his voice is amazing .
he plays the guitar awesome as well .
he gave it his all on the stage . it was a great performance .
it was poetry night at the club
many gathered around to listen
they had a dinner while it went on
and jared decided to get up and read some of his work
it was a great night of poetry
we went down to the local bar for comedy club
old [male] started it off with a bang
there were plenty of drinks
and the judges were all ready
at the end the winner won a small barrel of whiskey
it was [female] and [male] 's night out .
[male] did some karaoke .
drinks were had .
the judges debated on who was the best .
[male] won ! his prize a keg of beer .
when i went to the pub with my father for the first time , i had a really good time .
he surprised me by getting up to do some karaoke !
i think that the drinks we had right beforehand gave him some liquid courage .
everyone else seemed to enjoy his singing a good bit .
i think that i will end up going to the pub with him a lot more often now .
the group arrived to listen to the presentation .
first everyone found their seats and had a few drinks .
everyone shared stories waiting for the presentation .
then it was time , the presenter spoke before the audience .
after that , they opened up the forum to questions from the audience .
we went to go see historical buildings .
this was an interesting statue we saw .
a pigeon even tried to take our food .
we found some cool things in the gift shop .
the inside of some buildings were very nice .
aaargh . i like to pretend i am a pirate . .
i was mopped why ? why me ?
my home even looks like a ship below decks .
i keep plenty of scurvy begone on hand .
ha . no swabbing fo me today .
come over and check out my new apartment .
i have some pretty cool and interesting furniture .
want to have a nice lunch with me as you visit ?
i have all sorts of beverages and snacks ready .
i also have tons of space in my new apartment .
i walked down to the restaurant .
there were a lot of unique carvings decorating the place .
some of the birds liked the food as well .
i bought some souvenirs while i was there .
i stopped in some of the local shops to browse their wares .
they posed under several cables .
the wood carving was of some type of lion .
a bird was after their left over fries .
some candy called scurvy begone was portaryed on the table .
the interior of the home was warm with wood abound .
we left the city for a day in the country .
we took a boat ride on the lake .
we grilled burgers .
some of us burnt burgers .
then back to our city home .
the weather was hot .
a perfect day for a barbecue !
we went to the park and started grilling .
this attracted many people , they joined us .
we ate and drank and had a good time .
the dim lit street showed some buildings and a few people .
they boarded a small vessel and took off displaying an american flag .
the people gathered around the grill .
smoke took off as the bbq went on .
the beautiful white flowers adorned the street corner .
we took a trip through the city .
first we rode a boat out in the water .
then we grilled hotdogs out in the park .
it was time to serve the food .
after that it was time to return home .
we got an early start to see the city before we set off to the park .
we did n't take a boat that day since the lake seemed pretty small .
we had a barbecue out in the open .
some people were better cooks than others .
the city itself was very picturesque as well at this time of the year .
i was hired to make the centerpieces for a giant banquet .
i like to use unusual plants and shapes .
some i like to keep very simple .
this one is a bonsai tree in a tube .
but my favorite was the tube with live goldfish in it . they were beautiful .
we went to go look at plants today .
this was a beautiful flower in the water .
this plant was very peculiar looking .
the tables were decorated with all the good plants .
this plant had some spikes on it .
i went to the flower store earlier .
they had a lot of unique flowers there .
some of them were a bit too expensive for me .
they had a lot of exotic varieties .
i think the fish needs a bigger tank .
the botanical scene was diverse with color .
the scene also had different types of flowers and plants .
this botanical had blue flowers .
another looked like a bonsai style .
there was a single goldfish in the final display .
everyone who has flowers seemed to make them work perfectly except me
when they are in my home they just wither away
i would love to be able to make beautiful decorations
and tablescapes
but i will just admire the work of others
the hats party was so much fun .
it was thrown by these lovely people .
the main girls are [female] , [female] and [female] .
these are more of their friends who helped out .
the cake was made by [female] 's sister .
our daughter wanted to go here for her twelfth birthday party so you can imagine her surprise when she actually went .
her two best friends were all smiles along with her before the party began .
soon enough everyone from her class and extended family had arrived for the bash .
her childhood friend [female] put the finishing touches on some party favors .
at the end of the night everyone was in there best dress and still ready for more .
we arrived at hats for our event .
our daughter posed for a picture with our friends .
then we got the whole group together to pose .
the girls worked with some arts and crafts
then posed for another picture .
i bought a new hat for the party .
i brought my entire family with me .
we met a lot of new people there .
everyone was very warm and friendly .
the had that i brought was amazing .
this is the place that we decided to have our family reunion this year .
here is my aunt 's and cousin 's from location location .
my mom and her cousins are having a great time .
this is the drunk part of the family which is always fun to be around .
something seems to be a little off on the cake my aunt [female] made this year .
we had a family celebration yesterday .
the family was very proud of our sister becoming a lawyer .
here is us after her ceremony .
our parents were very proud .
we finally made it home to get some sleep .
now they are standing in the courtroom .
then it is picture time for everyone .
now it is time for all of them to rise .
do n't it seem like these two make a cute couple .
now look at this nice little family .
i went to support my friend at his bat mitzvah last week .
there were not that many people there .
he was very proud .
his family was also very happy for him .
he had invited a few of his friends .
this family was in court to receive their settlement .
they posed for the news .
their pictures turned out very professional .
they received $ 1 million dollars .
their children were at home watching the news .
the people were presented with an award
and they were happy .
they took photos
and smiled
and then went home with family .
a birthday party was held for family and friends . they bought a large yellow cake in the shape of a car to celebrate .
they talked and laughed .
then the dancing started . people started coming out onto the dance floor .
the dj was a 9 year old kid . he played his mixes and pumped up the group .
the crowd went wild and danced until they could n't dance anymore .
as a dad i do n't envy the bouncer here , it has to be a lot harder dealing with my kids then any drunks .
my wife and sister break it down with our youngest son at the party .
though i think my sister may be getting a little to into the music .
as the bass is turned up and the beat gets wild i put [male] on my back and we rock it out with the crowd .
he takes to it soon enough and everyone around us continues to cheer him on .
we arrived at the party just as he was making his speech .
then we all congratulated him .
the little boy got out on the floor with some older women .
after he shouted to the crowd
and everyone danced along .
when i got to the party everyone was already there .
we had a great time dancing with everyone .
many of the kids were enjoying themselves as well .
it was a lot of fun .
the party lasted well into the night .
the kids were gathered about with a few adults .
they all danced on the floor .
they continued to dance .
the dance got more crowded .
the small child got a height boost on the adult 's shoulders .
the bar mitzvah banner .
the boys singing a song .
father carrying his son and celebrating his new life .
doing tricks on a tricycle .
jugglers juggling back to back .
everything was set out for the party .
the invitations were all sent out .
everyone showed up on time .
the main speaker [male] silverstein had a great speech .
he received his award at the end of his speech .
when i finally got to the show the event had already begun .
all of the performers were on stage .
everyone was dressed the same .
some of them had a lot of talent .
i took a lot of pictures there .
it was a bar mitzvah .
people gathered for pictures .
the boy stood on his father 's shoulders .
a man rode a unicycle to entertain guests .
there were also fire spinners .
they stopped to read the notice on the wall before entering the bar mitzvah ceremony .
the family hired a singing group to help their son celebrate his bar mitzvah .
the family gathered around the boy as his father put him up on his shoulders .
they also hired a bicyclist to perform for everyone .
towards the end of the celebration , two fire throwers came in to entertain the guests .
we toured many sites in location .
we saw an ancient menorah .
people were praying everywhere .
we saw many doing so at the location location .
it was quite the experience .
we met a bunch of church people that day .
our religious sign was present .
there were lots of historic building .
the park was beautiful and green .
the rock there was very strong .
we arrived at the synagog .
we snapped a picture of the menora then went inside .
they read from the holy book than prayed .
after everyone gathered together to talk .
after the service we headed for a relaxing hike .
i went down to see my friend at his bar mitzvah .
the building was very beautiful .
i almost got lost on my way there .
when it was over i went to the park to hang out .
after the park i went down to the beach .
we had a family trip .
we went site seeing
we saw many men praying
there were alot of women standing
then went and sat on the rocks by the ocean
we took a trip to location .
the wailing wall was our first stop .
to think of all the prayers that have been said on this spot .
think about what kings and peasants walked through these doors .
think of all the history contained in this single spot
visiting the famous walls .
wearing a green band to access the crowd .
at the park waiting to start .
arriving at the beach .
and going for a swim .
it is really fun to check out these old monuments .
everyone is standing around in amazement .
it must have been a great feat to build this .
it has lasted all these years , and still in good condition .
although some of the stones are a bit worn .
some tourist gathered around to see this old and beautiful building .
the gazed up at this tall wonder built in the old world .
they walked around and looks at the beautifully made floor .
the building had amazing arches on the doors .
there were steps leading up to some intriguing old windows .
the stone walls were mighty and vast .
he checked the time on his wrist watch .
the crowd gathered in the field in masses .
the beach was calm .
people were seen swimming in the beach .
the crowd arrived at the steps and waited for the show to begin .
the speaker arrived at the show .
he began to speak and
the crowd was very touched and blown away .
the show ended as the sun began to set .
i took my girlfriend to the play last weekend .
it was outdoors .
the venue was very big .
there was a lot of audience participation there .
it was very engaging and i had a great time .
the crowd hda gathered for the speaker with solemn anticipation .
we waited with baited breath for him to begin his speech .
the most interesting man in the world spoke .
when the most interesting man in the world speaks , you listen .
`` every moon has it 's dark side , '' he began , `` it 's your job to find it . '' minds were blown .
[female] came out to hear the preacher
there were hundreds sitting on the steps hearing the preacher and listening to the word of god .
one heathen came and tried to make trouble but he too sat down and was mesmerized .
[female] 's friend [male] felt the power in his soul .
he could n't believe it and was stunned when he realized how much he was transformed .
two fans sit with the crowd waiting for the show .
many fans gather for a concert .
a lone person waiting for the show .
a fan with out stretched arms .
everyone looks like they are making the same arm motions .
i spent many hours on the halloween decorations last year .
i made a lot of halloween themed food .
it was very tiring .
all of my friends showed up in costume .
i was so glad they could all make it .
it 's that time of year again .
pigs-in-a-blanket are wrapped up like mummies with only faces visible .
spiders have laid claim to the cake .
and everyone ends up eating too many sweets and other goodies .
yes , you guess it ! it 's halloween .
i carved my first pumpkin today . i say i did a great job .
nothing beats warm pigs in a blanket for a halloween party .
this cake comes in a close second to the pigs in a blanket . what a festive cake it is .
i thought my pumpkin was creative , but this one has it beat .
this is not what i meant when i said bring the cupcakes . [female] is such a festive little cupcake .
i love to carve pumpkins for holidays .
i made these mummified hot dogs for my halloween party .
i also had the please of making a spider web cake .
this pumpkin was carved to look like it was extremely sick .
i had the most edible looking costume for the event .
the pumpkin is on the table
with the eggs .
it all looks good
as the woman smiles
and seeing the man .
[male] loves parties !
as soon as he walks in , girls start kissing him .
no matter where he stands , it 's wall to wall women for [male] .
[female] gets especially close to [male] , he thinks things are going well .
`` not this time , [male] , '' laughs [male] .
he is the cutest thing to me
and we always have something interesting thing to say to each other
ca n't believe we all graduated together
which one of is the oldest bet you ca n't guess
we will be friends for life
i laughed when my friend suggested i try a match making event to find a girlfriend .
but , i decided to try it and right away met a very nice girl .
but , with so many people there , i went on to met other girls looking for the perfect one .
i really liked this girl , i thought we had a lot to talk about , and she was really pretty .
but the joke was on me as she seemed to like my friend better !
[male] laughed at the joke he had just heard .
his wife loved how cute he looked when he laughed , so she leaned over and gave him a kiss .
they were waiting in line to get into the hottest club , where all the younger people were going these days .
[male] was n't sure if they were too old to get into the club , but he tried to make friends with the owner 's wife , [female] .
he hoped [female] would tell her husband to let them in .
everyone went out for a night out to have fun .
friends shared drinks and stories .
some people made new friends .
then others met up with old friends .
there was some ladies that was having a girls night out .
this was a family of many generations
here they were as young adults
and as grandparents
they loved each generation the same
they were married over 50 years
they spent the day going through old family photos .
grandma had even kept old letters .
they found certificates from the army .
they even found grandpa 's masters degree .
they looked so young in their wedding photo .
my grandmother brought out the old family album and started showing me my history . it started with her marriage .
it also showed her as a little girl with her brothers .
on another picture was her grandmother , father , and grandfather .
as she was explaining it all to me , my daughter came in to listen .
she then took out a picture of her own mother and father 's wedding and added it to the album .
the family sat down and watched a slide show looking back at all their fondest memories .
they saw pictures of their parents when they were younger ,
and then they saw pictures of their grandparents form years ago .
they drank coffee and laughed at how silly fashions were back then ,
especially wedding dresses . they saw the picture of grandma 's wedding dress and thought it looked ridiculous ! the family loved the trip down memory lane and felt like it had brought them all closer together .
my mother asked me to scan old family photos so she could share them on the internet .
some photos had wonderful notes on the back .
we even found my dad 's military documents .
dad was the first in his family to attend college .
mom and dad were a handsome couple and they still are !
the new years eve party brought many people out .
[female] did her best [female] impression .
mira loved her new headband and had a great time at the party .
every [female] got into the singing at the party .
everyone had such a great time .
this past year we had a new year 's party .
everyone was having a good time and acting silly .
we all stayed up all night to ring in the new year as a family .
we talked and had a great time that night .
it was a great party and we look forward to the new year !
everyone was excited for the party tonight .
especially the little girls . they just wanted to sing karaoke
and wear fun headbands .
they were n't that bad at karaoke ,
but their style was definitely not what the adults thought it should be . no matter , though , they all had a great time , and that is what matters in the end .
the family went out for a fun night out with the kids .
the girls got a chance to sing .
they got to wear funny hats .
then the younger sister got a chance to sing into the microphone .
after that they made funny faces for the camera .
the family had a great time at the party
there was a lot of sinring
and photo taking .
the young girl really liked to sing
and be silly .
i was very happy on my wedding day .
i took a lot of pictures .
after a while i decided to be a male model .
i got into some trouble with the law .
i sneaked my way out of jail .
i got photoshop today ! time for some fun .
i decided to work on my skills by putting my face on to everything !
i think i look pretty good in this one !
i even have old photos with me in them !
i am really happy i got photoshop and will continue making funny pictures .
alfie liked taking famous pictures and art and redoing them in his eclectic style .
one of his favorites was his rendition of the [female] [female] , which he put his face on .
he thought about putting his face on this man 's nice body , but he thought it would be too much , so he just put his face on the man 's badge .
he put his face on a french person 's mug shot ,
and just for kicks on a hip hop dancers body . he loved his artwork , and he wished other people did too .
my brother had some fun with the software i gave him .
is n't he a beautiful bride ? he definitely should n't wear white though .
[female] [male] is spinning in her grave !
this is my favorite . my brother is getting to be an expert at using the software .
this looks like it 's from an old science fiction movie .
the guy with a mustache was everyone
in weddings
and dancing .
he was even in the [female] [female]
and going to space too .
we picked out the perfect spot for our tent . someone is sleeping on the job .
four hours later we finally got the tent up . good job and thank you everyone .
my niece and nephew enjoy a refreshing lunch .
now it 's time to play some outdoor games and relax .
and finally tonight we dance ! my sister and her husband really know how to get down !
i took my family on vacation yesterday .
we ate some food at a local market .
we drove for a while to the river .
i brought my canoe and we went for a ride .
when night fell we kept on going .
getting ready for a country hoe down can be very tiring work .
the big dance tent was soon ready and it was time for another break .
a cool bottle of water and i was ready to meet the guests that would be arriving .
they came in campers and got set up , looking forward to a good time under the dance tent .
everybody 's work paid off , and we had a great time square dancing .
little [male] drank more water because it was a hot day and he needed to stay hydrated .
his family was having a party and he needed to be energized for it .
they all brought their rvs and were going to camp out on a huge piece of land .
uncle even owned a kayak and brought it out !
he was planning on going kayaking in the dark later on tonight , and be promised [male] that if he was good , he would take him with .
the band got ready to play live music that evening .
then the tents were assembled for the event .
the crowds arriving stopped for lunch .
after that the camping trailers were parked by the tents .
the crowd danced to the live music .
fancy company business party at a very upscale hotel.all my coworkers were there .
this is the table we all sat at together.it was a very fancy dinner , everyone looked great !
me and my handsome boyfriend.i am so glad i met him.he 's so sexy .
although i was n't quite sure what this was , it did n't taste to bad.i 'm willing to try some new things .
great tasting meat in this dish.i was never quite sure why dinner portions were so small.maybe there were so many courses to the meal .
the retirement party was special .
all our friends gathered .
we had a fun night .
dinner was very elegant .
we had a very good night .
the guests mingled before they sat down for dinner .
some of them grabbed themselves a glass of wine .
they were all smiles when it was time
to sit down for dinner .
the dinner table was set with fancy sine glasses and beautiful centerpieces . they were excited for the meal that was about to come .
our boss decided we should celebrate the company 's upcoming expansion .
he chose the best resaurant around . my boss is a big spender !
here 's my boss and his lovely wife .
i had never seen such a beautiful salad . too pretty to eat .
my entree was fabulous . and the portion size was just right .
the guests arrived for the dinner party .
some of the people there knew each other already .
then stopped to have her photo taken .
after that everyone found their place at the table .
then they waited patiently to eat dinner .
getting ready for the sporting convention today !
we had the whole room set up !
there were tables and chairs enough for all the people that were going to attend .
we even had a concession stand set up .
it is going to be a great event and we hope everyone has a great time !
this is the movie set that we will use .
we all liked the baseball player .
there is plenty of tables for everyone .
our concession stand came out perfect .
everyone wanted to know what was behind the curtain .
the game expo was all set up . there was a baseball simulation station where people could really try out the games .
the tables were all decorated
with a red table cloth to go with the red and black theme .
there was a concession stand where people could buy food ,
and there was even a boxing ring where guests could enjoy playing around .
the mini sports conference had some interesting displays .
there were just enough tables set up for all the people coming .
the tables were not decorated very much .
there was a display set up for concussions .
the buffet around the boxing ring was interesting too .
there was a lot of art
at the place with red table clothes .
they had black chairs
near the concessions
and also a boxing ring .
i had a great time at my ceremony yesterday .
i finally became a man .
i read from the holy book .
after the ceremony was over i got to keep a bunch of scrolls .
i took them home with me .
the boy was thirteen and was getting ready for a bar mitzvah ceremony .
a rabbi lead the bar mitzvah ceremony .
the boy was relieved when the ceremony was over .
his mom congratulated him and kissed his head .
the father was very proud . he posed with his son for pictures .
this was the day i became a man . i dressed myself the traditional clothes for my ceremony .
my father and a rabbi then blessed me .
i then walked to the synagog holding a bag .
there , my mother awaited me and hugged me for the last time as a child .
i then went inside and the rabbi performed the ceremony .
the boy and his father arrived for the ceremony .
he got ready and worked on remembering what he needed to do .
he recited his verses for the ceremony .
then we received his scrolls .
after that he took his pictures with his proud father .
the boy was saying his vows
to become a member of the group .
he was ready
and they all supported him
to become one of them .
the group of tourists was taken hostage while walking around the village .
everyone was forced to get tattoos immediately !
some were even body mutilated on the face .
[female] received a fairly lame tribal tattoo circling her arm .
unlike the rest of the group , she was quite proud of her new addition .
we had a great time on vacation we are walking to the beach .
we were on the bottom of the mountain looking up it seems surreal in person .
we went to the top of the mountain to get this great shot and reflect .
we met some pretty cool people there they were very nice and easy to talk to .
we stopped and got face paintings , they were cool .
we finished the marathon late in the day .
that night , my little sister got a removable tattoo .
my father got one too on his cheek .
my mother showed off her tattoo .
she was quite proud of it .
we took a vacation close to the beach .
the scenery to the ocean was amazing .
then we came to the ocean and it was so blue .
at the end of the day we met up with friends for a party .
after that we had our faces painted .
the people were walking
by the big canyon
and saw the beautiful water .
it was a beautiful day
and they all had a nice time .
family was getting together in the city
they decided to have a hot lunch
dad was happy to eat some food
they talked the whole afternoon
it was time to go what a great day
marath is one of the more popular pizza restaurants in the city .
hundreds of customers come through this pizza shop daily .
[female] likes cheese pizza the most .
grandpa prefers to order the cheesesteak pizza .
most people in the city have been to location at one point or another .
hello ! my mother loved to surprise us with random trips .
this time , it was to a famous pizzeria .
my daughter loved the food there .
the father was less impressed .
the place was full .
the grandparents met at the pizza place with their children .
everyone ordered their food .
then they sat and waited patiently .
after that they talked while they had their lunch .
at the end of the meal , it was time for everyone to go .
the grandma was very happy
to see all of the cups .
her granddaughter was focused
on the dinner at hand
near the big painting .
[female] just got her hair done for the girl scouts banquet later today !
she took a picture with her scout leader when she first arrived .
the kids had fun dancing and being together .
they also got to do some line dancing !
as the banquet was ending , they started gathering for a group picture .
it was the first time she had her hair done by a professional .
the cake she had chosen was in the shape of a heart .
she was pushed out on the dance floor .
grandmother gave her a hug .
her bar miztvah was a memorable event .
my daughter look so proud of her new hairdo for her birthday .
we got her a chocolate cake .
she got to lead the conga line for her first dance .
even her great grandmother came to her birthday .
the highlight for her was when we lifted her up into the air on a chair and walked her around the room .
this is [female] , it 's her 14th birthday .
her mom made her favorite cake .
her birthday party was held at their church with all her friends .
her grandma is so proud of her .
at the end of the party the adults hoisted her up on their shoulders
the girl was smiling
because her mom came to see her .
then she danced
with many other girls .
before they huddled and talked .
while on vacation we visited a castle .
this is the view from the front .
it had a bell tower .
the ceilings inside were very high .
it was very nice and luxurious on the inside .
we decided to take a tour of some old buildings .
the staircase looked foreboding .
we ventured into the family room to take a look around .
the ballroom was beautiful .
we had to leave quickly when the owners came home and called the police , but the memories will last forever .
we decided to visit some old buildings .
it was amazing to see when we pulled up .
the architecture was amazing !
the inside looked like a knight 's hall .
the inside was so cool looking !
exploring the town on my first day of vacation .
taking a tour of a stone castle .
view of the balcony of the castle .
the great room of the castle .
massive stairway in the hall way .
this is our first trip to a castle n location
the castle was huge .
i could n't believe i was here .
then we went inside . the halls were so tall .
finally we went to the throne room . it was amazing
today we 've been invited to a birthday party for a coworkers daughter .
before making it inside we let the boys run around and charm the pants off all the ladies , [male] got 3 phone numbers .
little [male] looked so sharp in his vest ! he did n't score as many numbers as his big bro , but he did pretty well !
finally what we came here for , the cake ! ..wait ... is that even cake ? can we eat that ! ?
okay so we ca n't eat that..that 's for decoration , luckily there were waiters serving cupcakes during us singing happy birthday . if i never get invited to a snotty 16 year olds birthday again it 'll be too soon .
we were heading to my niece 's birthday .
my family and i were anticipating this reunion .
my sons started to look for playtime .
my husband was having an awesome time as well .
finally we got to see my niece with her cake .
family photo at the birthday party .
it is the prefect weather for everyone to get together and celebrate .
even little [male] has come to join the festivities .
[male] is rocking it !
time to blow out the candles !
family members gathered to celebrate the birthday .
there were kids dressed up for the event .
young children posed for photos with their fancy clothes on .
the birthday girl stood by as her friends lit the candles .
the girls leaned in and blew out the candles .
my aunt and uncle attended our annual family reunion .
they brought their two children along with them .
the youngest boy is growing up so quickly .
my uncle loves to be the life of the party and make everyone laugh .
it was my cousin 's birthday so we gave her a cake after eating .
growing up , the kids were very close .
they still are .
they go on vacation together .
you can count on them to do crazy stuff .
family is important to them .
going down memory lane , when they were parasailing .
eating ice cream late at night
not a morning person .
her graduation day , walking to get her diploma .
and finally at a halloween party .
the kids were enjoying themselves .
as were the adults .
some had more fun than others .
time for some real excitement .
then it was time to get more serious .
we hung out today , literally , having a blast in celebration of our success .
afterward we decided to get some ice cream and it was a refreshing treat .
then we headed home to sleep in preparation of the big day .
graduation went off without a hitch , and now we 're adults and responsible .
well , mostly . halloween is really for everyone anyway .
[female] and her sister in their younger years taking their annual halloween photo
they are older now and enjoying ice cream at the local dairy [female] .
they go to parties often together , this one is a costume party .
on weekends , they enjoy balloon rides with friends .
they never did like posing for family photos with their parents .
the happy couple on their reception cruise .
the proud parents of the bride . probably happy to finally get her married off .
she 's so happy that the daughter is finally out of the house .
the statue of [female] all lit up . looks kind of creepy .
the groom taking a picture of his new bride .
we met some people at the award show tonight .
it was fun and we got to be silly .
mom was enjoying it as well .
she was very emotional that night .
we ended the night with looking at the water .
it was jen and [male] 's wedding.q
jen 's parent were so very proud .
her mother could n't help herself but cry .
the statue in the background of the wedding was beautiful .
everyone wanted pictures .
we attended a family members wedding with our parents .
my sister and her boyfriend made goofy faces for the camera .
they her and my aunt put on silly sunglasses .
our cousin made a very touching speech that made my aunt cry .
after the wedding we went to see the statue of liberty .
everyone is coming to the party tonight .
old friends meeting up to have a great time .
i have not seen her forever , and we are both wearing the same glasses !
what a great day it has been , i am sad to see it end .
there was such a great view of the water as well as we headed back .
grandpa is a kind man .
he loves his son and grandchildren .
this is lexi and [female] .
he also loves his wife and other children .
they love celebrating with him .
the celebratory round chocolate cake .
decorated with beige edible flowers .
dad fixing a battery .
while he playing with his two cousins .
family interacting on the table .
i finished baking the cake after working on it for hours .
it was beautiful .
i made it for my dad .
i invited all of my friends over .
everyone was very impressed with the cake .
granpa got ready for the family 's visit by making some last-minute repairs .
the kids passed the time with a hilarious tickle fight in the family room .
the sisters adore each other , and were happy just to be together .
the mother , father , and son listened intently to a story at dinner .
[female] 's chocolate cake made for a beautiful and delicious dessert .
a beautiful decorated chocolate cake was diplayed .
in closer detail some flowers and writings were seen .
the man sits down to have a bite to eat .
the children play with the man .
the family is content as they share time together .
we got to the party
as the musicians were getting their instruments out .
we sat down at our place which had our name tag . we got some wine
and watched as the band played .
the music started getting good and we began to get up and dance .
when i got to the ceremony the event had already began .
i saw my next door neighbors there .
i sat at my assigned table .
there were also some other guests sitting there .
i got to have a conversation with some of them .
i 'm with my sister having a good time .
getting something to eat with friends .
here is the table that is reserved for us .
watching the entertainment , it was amazing .
here we are dancing and having a great time .
[female] and [female] are really enjoying themselves at the party .
the men are enjoying the bar .
they put little name holders at everyones seats .
even the teenagers were enjoying themselves .
everyone gathered around the table .
[female] and [female] wanted to head out for a good time
when they got to the rec center , there were musicians playing all over the place
the main attraction for them , though , was the wine tasting
at first the kids were excited for the music
but the generational gap had them moshing for the door
[female] was bored in class and began to daydream about her youth .
she always remembered herself as a rather timid little girl and realized that she really still is .
[female] drifted on and thought about her awkward teenage years when she was trying to break out of her shell .
one of her fondest memories from when she was younger , was her long conversations with her grandmother .
[female] then switched gears and thought about her future . she imagined growing old and dancing with the man she loved for many years .
i had a great time at my friend 's party last week .
there was a lot of great food there .
the children were really excited to be there as well .
i took a lot of pictures with everyone .
afterward we all took turns reading some poetry .
today was my brothers birthday
most of our family got together and had cake
my sister did n't have a much fun as every one else
our parents could n't be happier
our older wanted read al our cards out loud
people are together having a party ,
[female] had cake .
[female] posed for pictures ,
[male] and meg posed for pictures ,
[female] read a speach .
my sister looked bored .
my little sister was also bored .
luckily , my cousin was having fun .
my cousin and my aunt posed together .
my grandparents ignored it all and just had a good time .
my niece had a meeting with her friends from work last month .
this was her boss and his wife .
she made a speech that hopefully got her the raise she wanted .
here 's a couple of her co-workers .
this monkey was with a lady that we saw as we were leaving .
there was a party for the children .
there was a party for the adults .
guess which party had the monkey .
everyone came from near and far .
it was an interesting night .
we had a great .
[female] and fred came .
[female] gave a speech .
we had wine and lots of favors for the guests .
crazy grandma brought her monkey delilah .
it was a very nice turnout
seen friends we have n't seen in a while
the entertainment fit the scene perfectly
i have no doubt fun was had by all
including the baby monkey
work events are n't always fun , but this time a lot of people showed up .
it was good to see co-workers in a different setting .
everybody was officially greeted before the festivities started .
it was n't difficult to relax with a nice glass of wine and friends to talk to .
this unexpected guest was the star of the evening .
it was almost time for the party to begin !
everyone was very dressed up .
a lot of people had come to attend .
we also had some live performances .
many of the guests were tired by the end of the party .
every good party should have some free-for-all dancing .
and always remember to hold with the idea to dance like nobody 's watching !
even if they really are .
play , have fun , and keep everyone involved .
never let the dance floor get cold .
we attended a bat mitzvah .
we all got on the floor and danced .
the older ladies watched in amusement .
then it was time for the hora .
after that we got back on the floor .
it was [female] 's big birthday party !
there was lots of dancing .
not everyone was into dancing but they were still happy to be there .
some of the adults got quite silly .
the entire family and extended family was there and had a great time !
it is bagel time
for the sharp dressed guys .
they go dance
before seeing the pretty woman talk
while the parents look on .
guests began to show up to the batmitzva
a young boy had a taste of wine .
a guest read speech .
then she got on the chair during the hora .
after she lit the candle .
i went with my parents to the ball last week .
the venue was beautiful .
many families were there as well .
we all had a great time dancing together .
i was able to make a lot of new friends there .
the family had a large gathering for a milestone birthday .
the kids enjoyed the food .
speeches were made .
the family was happy and enjoying themselves .
[female] lighting the candles on the cake .
today was the day of my cousin 's wedding .
many of my younger cousins did n't look like they were having fun .
my cousin and her husband both said their vows .
they even played some wedding games .
in the end , everyone was happy .
we all stood together and took a family photo .
we then ate some great food .
the old people did the truffle shuffle .
we then started doing the harlem shake .
aunt [female] finished with her classic story about how she is a werewolf .
there was a party we went to .
the place was decorated so nicely .
we even took photo booth pictures .
we liked to me silly .
we too a picture with the balloons afterward .
this girl seems to be a little lonely .
here we have a nice little party room .
here are some pictures lying on the floor .
now a girl is making a mustache with her finger .
such a beautiful little entry way .
the talent show at my daughter 's school was so exciting ! before the show , everyone got a last minute chance to practice .
the auditorium was set up with tables and table cloths . the lights overhead almost looked like stars .
we were very lucky to be able to take several pictures of the girls before the show . i actually put them together in a sequence and gave them each a copy as a gift .
i got in on the fun , too and posed for the camera ! luckily i was n't going on stage . i ca n't imagine what my 'act ' would have been .
the highlight of [female] 's act was the grand finale . she performed it under balloons that spelled out her name . i think she 'll remember this event always . i was so proud of her !
the party is about to begin , but the fun is always to be had .
we go and check out the party set up and it looks fantastic .
we take a moment to reflect back upon memories of our friendship through the years .
like when mustaches were all the rage , and to be had by almost everyone ...
that made us realize the party was going to start , and birthdays should be celebrated in the present not the past .
this woman was preparing for her bday party .
the tables were beautifully decorated .
she posed for pictures with her guests .
she had a funny sense of humor .
at night she danced on the stage .
when my cousin got married , she decided to have her reception in a large tent on the beach .
our grandmother was one of the first people there so she could oversee the decorations being put in place .
our grandfather is never too far away from gram , and he was also making sure everything was perfect for my cousin 's special day .
before the festivities started , some of us got together for a family picture .
the ceremony and reception were absolutely perfect , and having all of this on the beach was stunning .
i had a great time at the concert last weekend .
i took pictures of all of the guests .
they were all very excited to be there .
everyone was having a great time together .
even the children were very excited .
it was my grandmother 's birthday last month , so we threw her a party .
my uncle showed up and made sure everyone had fun .
my niece was getting so big . it was amazing to see how grown up she 'd become .
my brother and his wife were also there . they are always great to see .
the kids had so much fun , but we were worn out trying to keep them out of trouble . it was a great day .
grandmother is waiting for the bat mitzvah to begin .
the rabbi who will be performing the service .
the young lady is now thirteen years old now .
young ladies mother and father pose for a picture .
little brother poses with his big sister .
the tent had been all set up for the wedding .
aunt [female] , who normally hates this sort of thing , had a great time .
even [female] 's son location was having fun .
at the end of the night , the family got together for a nice family photo .
the beautiful sunset capped off what ended up being a really special night .
i set up the entire venue for the party last night .
all of the kids were there to have a good time .
they were very excited when they arrived .
i took pictures of all of them .
i had a great time there .
here are my sisters showing off their hawiian outfits .
the set up for the family hawiian lua is picture perfect .
here are my very proud grandparents but not dressed hawiian for some reason .
here is aunt [female] who we ca n't get to move from the bar .
everyone is having a great time eating and talking which is what my family does best .
we were one of the first to arrive at the hall for the party .
the girls socialized
and goofed off for the camera .
they all sat together with leis on .
they had a great time .
the dining room setup at the party was nicely decorated .
my nieces , [female] and [female] , were able to attend the party as well .
there were a lot of people taking pictures during the party .
the girls thought it 'd be funny to take a picture in front of the bottles that were almost as big as them !
[female] and i were able to see each other for the first time in years !
this family had a great night out .
they had prepared dinner for everybody .
grandma arrived with her friends .
they got drunk at the bar .
everybody seemed to be enjoying themselves .
i got all of my friends together last weekend .
i made a ton of sweets for them .
i had two batches of cupcakes .
and i also made a large cake for everyone .
i also threw together some snacks as well .
here is [male] , [female] , [female] and [female] the stars of the community play .
[male] and [female] have their time to shine as stars of the play .
here is [male] the proud producer of the play .
such a large support from the community for the play .
here are the very happy script writers , [female] and [female] .
all the girls arrived at the bake sale .
i made cupcakes that were green .
a few sold quickly .
i also made a chocolate cake .
there were various other foods we had to snack on .
all the moms were getting ready for the birthday party .
each made a dozen chocolate cupcakes .
two of the moms argued about whose cupcakes looked better .
then [female] showed up with a whole cake and made them all look silly .
the kids had a great time at the party , but all the grownups were too tired to clean up the mess .
there was much dancing
on the stage .
one guy was curious
and others were still talking
when the speech started .
a trip to this national treasure .
the skies were so blue . i love how this sculpture showed the sky through it .
we were not sure what this sculpture was but it made us laugh .
someone took a picture for us . it came out great . i love my hair .
a day of walking around and a beautiful sunset made for an incredibly day .
it was a great day for a family trip
they went to see the many statues
and gathered around the road side
the family was so happy to be together
they told stories all night long
the magnificent marsh enchanted us with its beauty .
we enjoyed artistic and aesthetic views .
the art was unique and compelling !
we relaxed together exploring the area .
the sunset was magical !
this is a great way to start our family vacation and sight seeing .
this is some strange art at the begging of the lake trail .
this trail has some really awful statues .
mom and dad are really enjoying the trails a little to much .
this is the perfect way to end a perfect day .
during our trip to the contryside we felt like we were in a different country altogether .
native american art decorated the lakeside .
this fish and bison hybrid was one of the more bizarre pieces .
parents were happy to be on the road once again .
even sunsets are prettier when you 're traveling .
we all started out with the decorating .
the girls were very excited .
we got a lot of the posters ready .
we hung up some fun signs .
the table was set and ready for the night .
it was my friend 's birthday party last week .
she had a lot of food for everyone .
all of her friends were able to come .
they were very excited for her .
they used some very big candles on the cake .
here i am at my birthday party .
this was the gifts we are giving away at my party .
me and friends having fun .
here we are , you can see i had a bit to drink .
finally the cake , what a great birthday .
there was an art show ,
ally and [female] love each other
laura framed a giraffe
they hung their art on display ,
hey sold crafts for the benifit .
the girl sees the photo
and then the stuff on the table .
they take photos
and are smiling away
before blowing out candles .
the wedding decoration were lovely .
the wedding reception was set for the guest to arrive .
it had flower centerpieces .
cocktail tables were available .
the cake table was just as beautiful .
we worked all night on the decorations for the wedding
set the tables for 10 each on the round ones
then we worked on the long tables
we set up center pieces on each table
and put flowers on the tables for the food .
the reception hall for the wedding was decorated with pink and gold .
the round tables had a nice melon colored table cloth on them and had a beautiful bouquet in the center .
the rectangle tables had no table cloth , but had a nice pink table runner laying on it .
some of the tables had a pretty candle holder in the middle ,
and there was a big bouquet on the gift table . the reception was ready to start .
the table looks great for the wedding .
every table has enough seating for 10 people .
the centerpieces were beautiful and matched the colors from the wedding .
there were places decorated for people who wanted to stand .
all of the tables were so beautiful .
the pink table looked great
that was near the wedding table .
the dining table had pink too
and the table had a big candle .
the flowers were the prettiest .
on the beach , we shared drinks and conversation .
my son wanted to play at the water park so we watched him .
i took a picture for fun in one of these funny still frames .
the beach band was very relaxing .
the best part was the food hut about a minute away from the water park .
stan and [female] just got married and are on their honeymoon .
they saw lots of interesting things .
they played around a little in the water .
they even got to see a live band perform !
both of them are going to have a hard time leaving this place .
this was the couple 's first vacation in location so they enjoyed the beach .
afterwards , they played in the mini water park .
the husband took time to take so goofy pictures .
after that , they enjoyed some live music from the band near the beach .
finally they went to get a quick bite to eat before heading back to the beach .
the beginning of the day on the beach it was such a beautiful day .
however the storm clouds rolled in and became a cloudy day .
we left the beach and went to the splash pad but our hotel .
by the pool there was a band playing live music .
we decided to finish the day by getting some ice cream .
me and [female] had a date at the waterpark .
the water sprayed me so hard i almost lost my trunks .
[female] thought i looked scary as a pirate .
the live music was incredible and made me think of college .
i just wanted one ice cream cone before we left .
my brother and my son took a picture outside of the hall .
my wife was very happy to be with us on that day .
in the living room , we played with clay and shared jokes .
my dad lit the fire as we sang in harmony .
the next morning , we went to church as a family .
it 's the day of the family reunion and everyone is on the way to the house for lunch .
all the cousins posed for a picture !
all the family is here and everyone is excited .
lunch was delicious !
after lunch , everyone played a board game .
today was the day of [male] 's family reunion .
all of [male] 's family got together to exchange stories and catch up .
for [male] 's great grandmother , this was a day she looked forward to every year .
the family enjoyed a home cooked dinner .
the kids put together a drawing to remember their day with their family .
that 's a picture of me and my older brother , [male] .
my sister sometimes gets confused when people take her picture .
[male] and i made clay dolls in the kitchen .
our father , [male] , lit the fire up to warm the house .
church was our final activity for the night .
today we took a car ride to see our friends and family .
when we got there we were greeted by some old friends .
we had a chance to sit down and get caught up with our family .
when it was dinner time we prepared a large meal for everyone .
after dinner we made small animals out of clay .
our hotel was well furnished .
we traveled to the church to pray before doing anything next .
we went the beach afterwords to take a partner picture .
my wife then took an individual picture of me .
we had breakfast for dinner that day and it was amazing .
we got a vacation house by the beach for the summer .
we had a nice close view oof the ocean where we ate .
you could also see it from the front door !
we spent alot of timt together walking the beach .
when we werent back at the house making ourselves at home .
once again this year we rented our beach house for the summer .
it had a lovely deck around the back were we could eat outside .
the views from all angles were wonderful .
we liked walking on the beach in the evening .
and at the end of the busy day , we would make a great dinner to eat and relax .
we took a vacation at a bed and breakfast not far from the ocean .
not too far away we came across a beautiful chapel that was empty .
since it was such a nice day we decided to take our photo standing next to the beach .
the view from the place we stayed at was so wonderful .
before heading back home we had a large breakfast .
the beach side villas were a great getaway for my wife and i .
we enjoyed lunch on the patio every afternoon .
there were grasslands all around the inland .
the beach had sand that was softer than toilet paper .
dinner and a movie is the perfect way to wind down the day .
in this plain , we were thinking about building a home .
we traveled to a nearby beach to clear our mind .
when we returned home , we checked our mail .
turning around , we realized we already had a nice home and a nice view .
at the local park , we rested at this beautiful spot .
we were so bored . life was hum-drum .
wow ! we got a letter from my aunt inviting us to visit her in location .
spent all day sight-seeing . what quaint cobblestone streets . a real sense of history here .
relaxing after a busy day .
we stayed at this cute bed & breakfast inn and had a wonderful time .
the newlywed couple on the front porch of their new house
the house needed some work , but it was perfect for them
he worked a short walk away through the quaint town .
in the early evenings they would sit by the water and enjoy each other 's company
sometimes they would look at newer , larger homes and imagine their promising future .
the grass in location is always green .
the ocean in location can sometimes be a pale blue .
this is the mailbox of my house when i was a kid .
my view from the front lawn of the old house is spectacular .
i got married with the ocean surrounding me .
when traveling to the place we were staying at we came across a lush green field .
not too far from where we were staying at beautiful view of a beach on a cloudy day .
we stayed at the house numbered 106 .
the view not far from our place was overlooking the lake .
there was a dock with a pavilion in the lake that was so scenic .
i got breakfast at the sup shop two days ago .
these men are always good to me in the morning .
i stopped by the job to check on the construction job .
then i stopped by the university to pick up my car .
i drove to the shore and took another beautiful picture .
the front side of the fish and bait store that we love so much .
behind the counter the add up the total for today and yesterday .
the view from the front side of the property .
big brick buildings stand tall on this side of town .
the ocean calls to most men , but only the sea hardy heed the call .
my friend opened a restaurant in the town i live in .
i went to go visit him to see how it was going .
he was located across from a organization so he had some good clientele coming in .
the school was expensive and maybe his clients would come to his establishment .
that night was going to be his test of his restaurant and it looked good for him .
[male] always orders two bagels at the diner .
[male] is the manager who makes sure his food is extra good .
the neighborhood around the diner is dirty and desolate .
a nearby school has that classic urban look .
[male] sat at the beach until the sun went down .
before touring the college campus , we decided to eat at organization organization organization organization organization restaurant .
we both ordered an open faced roast beef sandwich .
after lunch we arrived at the southern entrance of campus , where they were constructing a new building .
the physics building was especially beautiful . i could n't wait to see the inside .
the beach was a one mile hike through the woods . i am looking forward to going swimming there !
my husband was telling us the facts about his plant .
near the shop , i took a picture of my wife .
then , we took a picture together when we got to the beach .
she made a lovely sand castle .
back at home , i played guitar for her sister and brother .
my husband is a real home guy , but i 've got to get him out of the house .
a weekend trip was just the thing . this is me , visiting the antique shops . fun , but sore feet .
hubby had fun building a sand castle .
it sure is quite a walk to the water , but i 'll go wading anyway .
a fun couple we met this weekend . we exchanged phone numbers and plan to keep in touch .
oh snap , i thought i bought some marajuana seeds , but the plant itself says otherwise .
this girl i met , she was gon na buy lots of weed off me , but i could n't sell her any because i was growing tomato plants .
but , we hung out anyway by going out to the beach .
she is hella pretty , i think i 'm gon na ask her to marry me .
boom , we got married and had two kids that are now teenagers .
arriving at the bed and breakfast they loved the beautiful plants and decor .
they first visited the town and did some window shopping .
next they took advantage of the weather and went to the beach .
the man was very proud of the sand castle he constructed .
in the evening they socialized with the other guests over music and common interests .
[male] has loved plants ever since watching discovery channel
his girlfriend , [female] , sits near a plant store waiting for location to finish .
location loves to build things in the sand with his own hands .
[female] posed for a picture , as if to say hi .
[female] was happy that [male] found his guitar and returned it .
the skyline in the country is very grey and overcast .
the clouds do n't stop when they come rolling in .
the big bearded man is the last word here in these parts .
putting together this structure takes some time but will be worth it .
spinning the wheel is a part of it but i ca n't wait to see what happens .
we went down to the lake yesterday .
we were visiting uncle [male] who was building a deck to get to his boat .
the deck had lots of steps to get up to it .
and , the deck was really long .
we were glad to see uncle [male] was making so much progress .
the notion was clear and fresh .
looking into the sky , i planned my day .
my family came over to chat with me .
together , we built a model .
the fan was attached towards the end .
we spent a day on a local lake .
it was kind of cloudy , but still nice .
my uncle was there as well .
he showed me an old dock that we owned .
the dock needed some work , though .
the land that we purchased to build our house on was near a beautiful lake .
the shore was a very short walk from our property .
the contractor that we hired was a very knowledgeable guy who had 20 years in the business .
he set up a temporary platform to hold his materials and to work from .
the platform could be raised and lowered with a wheel .
[male] liked going to the alligator reservation .
everyone had to make sure not to get eaten .
the alligators usually stayed in this pond .
you could see the alligators from close up .
everyone had a good time watching the alligators in their natural habitat .
the woman was reading the sign that said `` caution , alligators . ''
the couple took a picture on the bridge by the alligator pond .
the alligator was swimming in the pond .
the men were setting up a picnic .
the couple had lunch at the alligator farm .
he was tempted to jump into the water .
she stopped to read the sign .
the water was covered in floating plants .
the alligator laid in the shade .
they posed together in front of the sign .
we started our hike by passing the lake .
we stopped long enough to see the signs .
the swamp we passed from there was so vast .
i even saw an alligator .
we got back onto land and headed home .
she had wanted to visit the bayou for the longest time .
when she arrived , she carefully read the sign about the alligators .
at first she saw nothing but marshland .
then , all of a sudden she saw an enormous alligator that was at least eight feet long .
when she was ready to leave the park , she and a friend posed for a photo .
the couple took a vacation at the seaside .
there was a lot to do there .
of course , there was a beach close by .
they got their picture taken in front of the ocean .
then they visited other local attractions .
we went to the seaside club for a much deserved vacation .
the resort was gorgeous and we loved it .
they had the most amazing well maintained tennis courts .
we were right by the beach too , so that was an extra perk .
the rooms were great too , so comfortable and inviting !
we started our grand journey at this lovely white house .
it had a sign in front that pointed us in the right direction .
the entire seaside was full of people and energy .
my wife and i decided to take a picture by our view .
i hugged the tree because i was grateful to nature .
at the hotel constantine , love was always in the air .
the resort was rife with activities ... but few people partook in any of them .
instead , they canoodled and cavorted on the beach .
new romances were forged quickly and passionately .
some `` relationships '' were a little more unusual than others . but [male] , the tree-hugger , could n't have been happier .
the resort was beautiful even from a distance .
we planned to do all of the activities .
i could n't wait to hit the beach .
i hugged my wife tight the whole trip long .
i did n't even want to leave , they had to pry me off of the tree .
went on vacation this summer and had a lovely time .
seeing the shipwrecked boats was quite a sight !
the view from the shore was beautiful . the birds were huge .
the streets however were a little rundown .
overall we had a great time and met a lot of wonderful people .
docking the boat was a bit of a challenge but we made it !
palm trees grow all over the place here .
seeing the sky while it 's clear of clouds was so nice .
the beach is so dry this time of year .
i ca n't wait until this boat is ready for the water .
our boat started in the harbor .
we saw several model boats displayed .
the birds swarmed our location .
outside of our home was a bit of garbage .
we decided not to clean but go to the beach instead .
a group of friends went to explore a marina after a big storm .
there were some boats that had broken away from their moorings and crashed .
this is a view of the harbor from a restaurant .
boats had even washed up on shore and crashed into apartment buildings .
the friends walked along the beach for a bit looking at debris .
the village relied on fishing for most of its exports .
nearly the entire village fished for a living .
many tourists came to see the shore that is
riddled with abandoned boats .
the town also had boat models as attractions .
to start a vacation , we took a partner picture .
i also snapped a photo of our hotel from the street .
the grass and plants around the hotel were simple and lovely .
my wife wanted to pose as a model so i let her .
that night , we shared an experience during the sunset .
mother and father posing for the picture over the wonderful ocean backdrop .
our ocean view hotel room looks out over all the beauty .
so sandy ! this beach is one of the best i 've ever been to .
the walls here are so bare but occasionally have windows that peek out .
sun set over a long day , so beautiful .
it was about time we went on our honeymoon , 5 years after the marriage .
we stayed in a very crappy hotel in the crappiest part of town , but thankfully the building across the street looked great .
the husband and i went out to the beach to destroy the sandcastles from yesterday 's competition , it was great .
later that day , i told my husband that i wanted to become an artist , so i took this amazing photo of two tiny windows .
man , this was such a great sunset that it really summed up how amazing our honeymoon was .
today [female] and mick arrived for their honeymoon .
they had a romantic villa hotel room for their stay .
behind their hotel was some unique plants .
mick and [female] spent an entire day at the beach .
they stayed at the beach and watched the sunset on their first day of being married .
the start of our vacation was all sunshine and rainbows .
our hotel room was one of the best at the resort .
the wildlife thrived as exotic pieces of shrubbery to me .
susanne got a bit dramatic toward the end of the vacation .
our final day consisted of watched the sunset .
there are so many amazing sights that can be seen under water .
here 's some coral that i came across .
i was amazed when i saw this .
this is one cool turtle that i got to swim with .
i stayed away from this shark and focused on being safe and the items i saw today .
the fish flowed very steadily in water .
the man with the snorkel passed by quickly .
the coral hid some fish but did not hide others .
on the beach , we relaxed and talked about life .
the sun was setting over the ocean and we left .
the diver was ready to swim underwater .
the coral was bright pink .
the free flowing coral danced aimlessly in the water .
the sea turtle dived deep under water .
the shark was looking for food .
i got to snorkel on vacation last summer .
the corals were beautiful .
i saw a real anemone !
a sea turtle swam right in front of me .
i saw a shark , but my guide told me that the sharks in this area were very docile and non-threatening .
it was my first time scuba diving .
the instructor was very helpful .
the fish and coral were beautiful .
after scuba diving , i relaxed on the beach .
i watched the sun go down .
the damage to the hotel was unbelievable .
in the lobby , furniture was thrown all over the place .
outside , buildings had toppled .
the barrier fell and flooded the village .
trash littered the beach .
a couple and their parents went on a family vacation
they visited seaside , location .
the young couple had a nice time on the beach together .
the weather and scenery were beautiful .
they even visited a historically giant oak tree .
this is all that remains of my village .
sometimes i forget for all our prowess we are just human .
powerless against the rage of the earth .
if she wills it , with a simple touch we lose everything .
its both humbling and terrifying .
the house was filled with destroyed objects .
people wanted to renovate this building .
the flood damaged few areas of the land .
this is the origin of the flood .
lastly , debris covered the ground .
there was major flooding in my area .
houses were overrun .
some structures were unrecognizable .
some buildings survived but there is nothing around to stay for anymore .
i do n't recognize my home .
dover looks cool from the air .
the white cliffs are amazing .
much better than this field .
and much better than that field .
i hope we do n't crash !
looking at the land from high up in a plane was really neat .
once back on the ground we checked out the other planes .
some had a retro feel to them .
i jokingly asked the pilot of the yellow plane to take me for a ride .
surprisingly , he agreed and we took off , high over the ground !
the view from the plane was from our dreams !
we got to fly in this amazing plane !
we saw many amazing planes during our vacation .
here is one plane in action about to take off !
we enjoyed our trip immensely !
there was so much to see outside the window of the airplane .
we flew by so many islands .
there were endless farmlands it seemed .
they went on for miles .
after a few hours we finally arrived at our destination .
each year they have a wonderful air show along the beautiful coastline , far from the city .
pilots bring their planes from all over for people to see . some are relatively new .
and , some are much older and it 's interesting to learn the craft 's history .
this year one of the pilots offered to take us on a short trip over the countryside .
seeing the sights from a small plane is a much more exciting experience than in a large , higher flying , jet .
about to have fun at the beach , all smiles for the camera .
looking for seashells with her friend .
running trying to not touch the waves .
doing a hand stand in the sand
then attempting a cartwheel in the sand .
here 's my girlfriend [female] on our trip down to the ocean .
she took off her shoes and traipsed along the beach .
she also decided to show off her acrobatic skills by walking on her hands !
her sister [female] was with us and here they are at the water 's edge .
[female] got tired later on and sat down to enjoy the scenery as she rested .
we spent the entire afternoon yesterday at the beach .
i collected so many sea shells .
it was so much fun to run on the beach .
i also took the time to practice some of my gymnastic moves .
i hope we go back again soon !
today i went to the beach with my girlfriend .
we collected seashells .
we also ran in the surf .
she was excited to do handstands
and cartwheels .
the woman was so excited to spend a day at the beach .
she and her friend investigated the waves before deciding to stay mostly dry .
she did , however , enjoy running along the shore and getting her feet wet .
she was so excited that it made her want to do a handstand .
since the handstand went well , she decided to try a cartwheel also .
the vacation was fun but tiring .
the town had many interesting spots to visit .
this was a popular lodging area .
the children relaxed and let the adults do the driving .
the beach was an anticipated spot .
the family decided satuday was a good day for a road trip . the two sons decided it was a good time for a nap .
they set out on their journey , headed in the direction of the beach .
the appearance of palm trees was a sign the beach was just getting close .
it was a long trip , but the beach started coming into view .
by now , the boys were awake and enjoying the sunset on the beach .
[male] and [male] slept the entire drive to the beach .
the slept through the stop at their favorite shopping outlet .
they slept right through a stop for dinner .
when they woke up , their dad was driving just outside city limits towards the beach .
by the time they arrived it was evening , and the beach was almost vacant ; but they knew the next day would prove fun .
a family was driving to location location , their sons were asleep in the back seat .
when they entered the city , they saw a bunch of signs welcoming them to town .
they found their hotel on the side of the road .
a large billboard was in the air letting them know the name of the hotel .
the view from their hotel was a beach and palm trees .
the boys were a bit tired from the long day out and decided to take a nap .
they were still going to the beach so they needed to rest up .
a few hours later they had finally arrived to their destination .
the beach was very calm it was a very tropical scene .
the sunset was the most beautiful part of the day .
there were a lot of people on hand for the marathon .
a few of the attendees were extra pumped up , exercising .
a group of the people there attended in costume .
there were many people looking on .
all participants of the event received certificates .
last weekend we went for a vacation .
we stayed in a small hotel on an island mostly inhabited by natives .
we saw many interesting things while we were there .
our room had a bed that was so low to the floor .
at night we had a lot of fun at the local gatherings .
every winter , a large group of individuals meet at the beach for an athletics challenge .
the challenge involves everything from doing pushups in the sand , to swimming laps out into the water .
some people go `` all out '' and dress up in costumes and silly outfits .
others show up to provide support and encouragement .
much fun is to be had by all , and those who finish are rewarded with fun items like certificates .
it was a very crowded day at the beach for being so cloudy .
[male] always likes to show off when he is n't wearing a shirt .
halloween at the beach was a big hit .
you are never too young to enjoy a holiday .
the halloween fundraiser was a big success .
although the water was frigid many swimmers went in with great courage .
a great way to get the blood pumping and warm up the body is exercising .
these girls chose to express themselves with colorful costumes .
a young onlooker is fascinated with the loud noises up ahead .
holding up signs of victory , these women feel accomplished .
our hotel was very unique and we were excited for a week on the beach .
you could see the city skyline in the distance from where we were staying .
many people set up with instruments on the beach to make some extra money .
there was even a miniature carnival featuring rides for the kids .
back inside the hotel we enjoyed all the luxurious amenities that came with our package .
the tree was cool .
but so was the building .
but i liked the plate the best .
this one in particular .
i wish there were some food on it !
this is the resort i 'm staying at on my honeymoon . i have a beautiful reception planned .
just look at my friends and family enjoying this wonderful sunset .
yes , we even got catered to while we relaxed by the ocean .
these are some local rift-rafts we had to throw out . they were ruining the vibe .
this bed may not look comfy because it 's on the floor . but i swear that thing is gold . i never slept so good .
in our village there are is amazing and beautiful architecture .
since it is always warm we get to enjoy lots of time relaxing on the beach .
now that we know how to cook on the beach we never have to leave !
it 's an even better day when the carnival comes to the beach .
after a long day it is nice to retire to a nice cozy , comfy , space .
taking a tour of the city is so much fun .
the beach is so beautiful when the sun is setting
the water helps you to relax especially when with friends
you can always find something fun to do at the each
this room is a little different than i am used to but alway up to new things
the trip provided a lot of outdoor entertainment .
the beach was warm and sandy .
the roads were easy to travel on .
night clubs provided live entertainment .
during the day , there were parks and trails to explore .
during our sightseeing trip , [male] climbed up the sand dunes .
nearby , [male] fished off the rocky ledges as the waves crashed nearby .
here we are leaving the beautiful ocean on our way to the pub .
we had some wonderful lager later on .
we finished the night by listening to a great band play .
i think i 'm going to travel the world in one day , starting with this mound of dirt .
here i am already at the beach , just three hours later .
it 's starting to get dark , i need to pull over for a drink .
found this sweet bar to have a drink at . they got this awesome live band .
had a little of a long night and never made it out of the bar . i knew i should n't of had a pit stop !
the family went to the beach for a vacation .
the son played on the rocks on the shore .
they drove in a rental car along the water .
they stopped for some beer during their ride .
at the end of the night , they stopped to watch a local band play .
we made the best of summer vacation and did a lot of things . here i am climbing to the top of a big rock .
we also spent a lot of time at the beach .
here is one of the coastal roads we passed .
of course , partying was part of the vacation too . here is a concert i enjoyed .
we also had a lot of time to relax .
the lady went to visit her parents at their home up north for the first time in years .
living in the south for the past ten years she had become accustomed to warmer weather and made sure to bundle up for spending time outside .
her brother and dad were happy to see her .
her husband was more excited to be there than she was as he had never seen snow before .
back at the house they all sat down for a warm meal .
i walked the dog .
we were near the house .
i had my hood on .
it started to get dark .
so i turned on the lights inside .
a house is for sale in the middle of the woods .
she seems to like it very much so she calls her husband to come look at it also .
the husband arrives with his mom and they both seem to enjoy the house .
they just completed the closing of the house purchase
and throw a house warming party .
my wife and i went to her family cottage last winter .
she looked beautiful and cold .
her two brothers were there .
and her parents were there too .
we all had a great family dinner that night .
going home for the holidays is an important tradition .
for this woman , it could also be a little bit stressful .
still , seeing her brother and father made her feel better .
the woman 's husband was happy to be there as well , which helped .
in the end , the whole family had a nice dinner together .
the family decides to spend the day at the beach .
dad tries to tell them that sledding on the sand is just like sledding on snow .
the boy decides to go and play with rocks .
mom tells him to stop throwing things in case he accidentally hits someone .
at the end of the day it 's nice to cool off and soak your feet in the surf .
the whole family was snow sledding .
it was n't the fastest sport but they had fun .
they even all went together .
everyone had a great time playing on the beach .
they had a great time talking the walk home .
[male] , [female] and their mother loved coming to the beach ; sand sledding was their favorite activity , with mom leading the way .
then it was [male] 's turn ; he was the youngest , and always got first dibs of the children .
[male] loved the beach ; he loved to collect shells and rocks to put in a jar at home .
and play time with mommy always resulted in tickle torture !
the best part of all was that there were so many other children for him to play with !
we had an awesome time at the beach this weekend !
we did n't need water-just each other !
the baby boy was in his own world of fun all day .
the only time he sat still was when i reeled him in for a quick tickle attack !
these are the days they 'll always remember .
the day at the beach started with some sand surfing .
after watching the fun the little boy joined in .
however , he quickly went in search of treasures on the sand .
until the tickle monster caught him and he laughed with absolute joy .
as the day turned to eve the little boys walked down to say goodbye to waves for today .
i saw a bird .
it was flying .
so i took it 's picture .
but not only four times .
i actually took it 5 times !
the birds fly happily along the water and sand .
some fly closer to the ground .
others fly high in the sky .
the city lies just a few miles away .
for some , that is there destination .
the bird is gliding through the clouds .
the bird is now gliding through the cloudless sky .
the bird is continuing to glide through the cloudless sky .
as the bird continues flying , it is getting darker and darker .
the bird seems to be on the hunt for food .
flight patterns of sea-bound birds carry influence over their efficiency .
for example , maintaining balance on high winds requires a flexibility and grace not often associated with birds .
equally , hunting for fish in the sea requires the ability to fight gusts in order to focus on fish in the water .
arching the wings , as seen in this picture , increases dynamics and speed .
while cupping the wings provides the opportunity for height .
watching graceful bird flying always makes me want to fly
sometimes i pretend i am air traffic control navigating their flight
this is mission control you are clear to keep heading east
you are clear to come in for a landing
watching birds can make the imagintion soar
the boys had a really fun day . first they took turns pitching balls .
then they practiced their karate kicks on a kicking machine .
to end the day , they put on warm clothes and went to the beach where they built a little fire .
they walked down towards the water as the sun went down .
finally they gathered with others to watch as the day ended in beauty .
i was so mad i kicked something .
this guy was mad too .
we all decided to kick it .
and because of our anger , we started a fire .
it burned like the rage burns in my soul .
the boy is practicing his pitching .
he is also practicing kicking .
after practice he goes camping on the beach with his friends .
the boy runs to the beach to watch the sun set .
his friends join him .
my wife and i had an exciting day , we started it off by playing indoor baseball .
then we played kickboxing .
after the gym my wife and i had a bonfire on the beach .
she wanted to take a walk into the ocean .
together with our feet in the ocean we watched the sun set .
measuring how hard and how fast he throws .
measuring how hard he kicks .
then went to the beach to go camping , build a camp fire .
and watch the sunset .
family watching the sunset together .
we took our boat to the sandbar island , one of the coolest places to go .
there were already a bunch of people there wandering around but that was okay as there was plenty of room for everyone .
we all enjoyed ourselves , some swimming , some kayaking , some laying on the sand .
on the island there was a really cool pavilion on top of a hill that we trekked up to .
for our reward we saw an awesome lizard up there !
our trip started off to a scary start by watching a large crocodile run by .
we found a some what secluded beach to picnic and swim .
i took a picture of some bird which i learned later was an pelican .
we saw a man kayaking and we rented a few boats to do the same .
we finished the day by climbing a watch tower to see the view .
on this weekend we decided to have some fun on the water
the beach was beautiful
there were a lot of people out on this summer afternoon
the gazebo atop of the rocky hill was where we had park lunch
oh my god we were freaked out when this huge lizard scurried out from the under brush .
the beach was not crowded today but there were 2 boats on shore .
i hiked up a hill to get a better picture of the sandbar .
i also got a great picture of a kayaker .
the gazebo on top of the hill offered a great vantage point .
i met this lizard on the way back to the beach .
we encountered this creature seeking for shade very early in the morning . it woke us all up .
we got very lucky that day as the beach was almost empty .
the albatross is definitely the king of the seas in this area .
even later in the afternoon , the beach was scarcely populated , with just a few people in the water and a guy on his canoe .
on top the hill , the gazebo was offering a magnificent view of the bay as well as a place to rest and cool down .
i saw some power lines on my trip .
then i saw even more power lines .
electrical transmission must be important here .
how did i know that ?
because the the power lines are everywhere !
the beach is empty with no one to be found .
many rocks line the beach .
the beach contains a lot of algae .
the road is completely empty .
the palm trees sway in the wind .
yesterday we went out on a road trip and stopped in a small town .
there was a huge dirt pit in the middle of town .
there was nobody out and about on the streets .
the entire place felt very empty .
we decided to move on .
we went to visit a beautiful beach early in the morning .
we watched the waves crash against the shore .
the temperature was fair and the sight of the ocean was magnificent .
after viewing the ocean , we drove down the street to a new location .
while driving , we had a nice side view of the ocean and of a few palm trees blowing in the breeze .
i visited the beach just to observe the beauty of this closeby natural beauty .
the waves bounced against rocks and made a big splash .
here the waves are being a little bit calmer , but one more is coming in the distance !
after awhile i went to my car and sat in it in the parking lot . i snapped a picture as well while i ate my lunch .
after that i went back to the beach to bid it farewell . till we meet again , my friend .
i love taking pictures of pollution .
i try to capture it as best i can .
i also like pictures of nothing .
see , here 's another shot of nothing .
but this one is by far the best !
going on an evening walk .
looking at several birds walking in the beach .
watching the beautiful sunset .
loving the clouds and the color of the sky .
walking back home looking at a full moon .
i took a trip to the ocean and saw this interesting building
i proceed up the beach and its pretty empty .
walking the trail .
still walking the trail
finally i reach the city .
seems like a long way back to our car
but the scenery is so beautiful
not sure we are ready to leave
do you love watching sunsets ?
the memories of the beach play in my head on the way home
i took a stroll along the shore one day , just me and my camera .
oh wait , i am not alone . there is a group of birds there .
as the sun set i got some awesome pictures .
it is these fleeting moments of the day that are the most brilliant .
as i walked home i snapped a picture too . this was just a few steps from the beach .
the two couples decide to take a walk along the sea shore .
they see lots of waves and the boyfriends threaten to throw the girls in .
they scream and run when they see the waves crashing on the shore .
they stop to explore the starfish and other sea creatures .
then they watch a guy throw a stick for his dog . they decide that they love the beach .
the village lies next to the beach .
it is a great place to spend time with pets .
the waves hit the shores with passion .
the evening sky is just as fabulous .
the view is always spectacular .
the family together after church , such a beautiful day it was
the waves were rough although still beautiful
the magnificence of the waves crashing against the rocks , such beauty !
rusted beauty , these gears were the remnants of an old contraption
walked fluffy on the shore she had such wonderful day
this was our honeymoon vacation . there were are holding hands in the distance .
the waves were pretty fierce this time and they were fun to observe .
here is a wave splashing on a structure .
i saw these gears and thought they would look great in my album so i snapped a picture
oh , did i mention my dog came along ? yes , i can not live without him !
it 's always nice to spend a day at the beach with friends .
sometimes , though , the waves come crashing in , and it 's safer to watch from a distance .
the waves can get really big and beautiful .
after the waves subside , starfish can be found all over the beach .
then it 's safe to go back and take a nice walk along the shore again .
i saw some debris .
then i saw some gravel .
i also found some small rocks .
but then i found bigger rocks .
then came the boulders ! ! ! !
newly restored stairs to the beach were opened today .
beach goers can now easily get to and from the beach .
before the stairs were restored people had to carefully walk down a series of dangerous rocks .
now more people can enjoy the beach .
last year 25 people suffered injuries ranging from cuts to broken legs , now that wo n't happen anymore .
there were so many interesting things for nido to film at the beach .
nothing escaped his curiosity , including the pebbles mixed into the sand .
he loved the way light fell onto the rocks , casting shadows at so many angles .
his own shadow falling upon the large boulders had become a subject of great interest .
even the boulders leading to the sky where bushes took over held a sense of solidarity .
my friend and i went to the beach today , there were a lot of staircases to walk down .
the second staircase was even larger then the first .
because it is so bright outside , i was able to see my shadow .
the beach was quite crowded today .
so we turned around and had to walk the staircases all over again .
i looked at the stairs between me and the days adventure .
after quickly glancing back to where i had been i struck off to find the sights of the day .
i could n't resist taking a picture of the rock formations .
in the distance , i watched all of the happy people race across the beach and soak up the warming rays of the sun .
i was quickly tired out from an exciting day in the sun and headed back to the stairs hoping i would find the energy to return to my car .
it was a great day for kite flying .
the young child brought his favorite to the beach .
the two enjoyed their day together .
his parent stood behind and him and gave him freedom .
the waves came in gently .
we went to the beach this afternoon .
my daughter and i had a blast walking on the sand during sunset .
i surprised her by bringing a kite !
she was so excited watching it .
it was colorful and looked like a large parrot .
a kite soaring flawlessly through the blue skies .
she tries to fly the kite herself .
a daughter watches her father fly the kite down the beach
a father and daughter spend time together flying a kite
they both finish the day off watching the waves crash on the coast
[female] laughed as she watched her beautiful kite fly soar swiftly up into the clear blue sky .
[female] 's dad took pictures because it was [female] 's birthday and he was so proud of her being such a great kite flier . they had the whole beach to themselves .
[female] ran after her father as he headed for a good place to eat their picnic lunch .
[female] 's dad let her fly the kite one more time before lunch and it climbed so high [female] thought it would fly away into the heavens .
then [female] and her dad sat on the beach and ate the turkey sandwiches her mom had made . they talked about how much fun the day had been . but now it was time to go home and eat some birthday cake !
every year we go to the beach to enjoy a family vacation .
our daughter loves the clean air that is found on the coast .
every year she is amazed when we get our kite into the air .
sometimes she tries to mimic the kite as it flies away in all directions .
that kite flying in the air is a sight that never gets old .
wow was it snowy !
there was so much snow on the lake .
it was deep enough to see foot prints .
but then the sun came out .
so i stood in the middle of the road !
on our way going on a hike in the forest .
the roads are really empty this morning .
it is really cold out .
made long food prints in the snow .
and we spotted a family of deer in the forrest .
on the way up to visit the beautiful snowy scenery !
on the straight and narrow ! ( and a little icy ... )
beauty in the background and foreground .
walking a serene but lonely path .
it 's the simple things in nature that are so beautiful !
we arrived at the large frozen lake after quite a long drive .
it was beautiful and serene with a light dusting of snow .
we could tell by our footprints in the snow that no one had been there since it had fallen .
the lake was surrounded by dense woods waiting out the cold winter .
after a lovely day , we hit the road for the long drive home .
we set off in the cold weather .
the woods were beautiful and the roads empty .
at the campsite i took a picture of my wife .
we walked a bit through the virgin snow .
the woods were cold and silent as the sun set on our day .
this tropical resort is the perfect place for the dad to take his two daughters on vacation .
they decide to wander down to the beach from their bungalow .
dad promises to take them boating once the boats come back to port .
until then they decide to walk along the beach .
the daughters try to convince dad to take a kayak . he laughs and tells them no .
[male] and [female] returned from their boating adventure hot , tired and ready for a relaxing meal .
but as they walked towards their hotel , they heard an unusual noise .
they stopped a person along the beach to ask ; `` oh , that 's just winky the dolphin - he wants treats ! ''
sure enough , along the boat dock was a friendly dolphin calling out for someone to give him a treat .
they went back to their room , promising winky to return with leftovers from their meal .
the view from our hotel room was amazing .
we were right on the beach as well .
we were a short walk from a marina
and the lagoon
which was tranquil
the beach resort is now officially open , it features a large garden inside of the hotel entrance .
the hotel has it 's own private beach .
and a private cove with docks for boats .
there is a long walkway for children to play on .
and kayaks are available for recreation use .
ca n't believe we made it to the beach before the rush
beauty is unbeliveable at the beach
we are able to looks around or just lay out if we like
the pier will be filled with people soon
even the inside of the building has beautiful foliage
hi , we 're the howells . we like to take vacations on our boat .
this is our lovely little boat named the minnow . that 's where we cast off .
it was a beautiful morning . we were below stowing away gear when suddenly we heard loud sirens !
we were almost run over by this huge cruise ship ! luckily the minnow quickly turned away and the crises was averted .
soon we 'll be at our cozy island cabin tucked back in the woods for a peaceful weekend enjoying nature .
going fishing with the family .
about to unwrap the main sail .
everything is ready , we are ready to sail at sea .
spotting an island for a quick luck break .
in the middle of the afternoon we saw a cruise ship .
me and my dad went for a ride on his boat today .
he has a large boat .
we sailed it around the harbor .
a huge cruise ship passed by us .
it was very peaceful out on the water .
we love boomerangs so we just had to get our picture her .
this was our tour boat for the day .
on the tour we encountered another couple from the cruise on their own tour .
it looks like we missed our cruise ship but it was actually re-docking .
here we are leaving the little island .
time to go sailing
setting up the mast can be tricky
wow look how high the sail goes
leaving portside always makes me giddy
next stop total fun in the sun
the park is on the shore .
there is a quiet beach there .
you can get there by boat .
the beach is a quiet place .
the location location are a great place to see .
the wildlife refuges were all we looked forward to during the trip .
next to the entrance , a bulletin board mentioned all of the events and important information .
there were signs along the path that told us what creature we might find near .
mom and [male] used the time to talk about what they could do to help out .
then we walked down to the ocean to observe the scenery .
these were some shots i grabbed at the beach the other week .
the walk was so beautiful . we found lots of seashells .
this boat was roaring by . it looked fun to drive .
my mom and aunt were looked for shells . they had fun .
this was the site . i ca n't wait to get back .
here on vacation in location . we 're at the nature center .
such blue seas off the coast . gon na take my boat out today .
here i am speeding down the beach . i love the ocean here i could stay here forever .
here are some the locals , they walk this beach daily .
a sign i came across in the beach . i wonder if i 'll find any wild animals out here .
this sign was at the beginning of the trail .
looking down towards our little cabin .
there goes [male] in the boat !
aunt meg and aunt [female] on the beach .
the sign where we stopped for our picnic .
[male] and [female] threw a beach themed new year 's party at their bar .
[male] brought his own swim trunks and raft to the party .
a trio of bar regulars showed up in sailor outfits .
[male] and his wife [female] won the costume contest , complete with a lei-wearing dog !
many drinks , food , and good times were had by all .
dressed up for a caribbean new year party .
dressed as a pirate with a sword .
dressed as spongebob .
happy new year banner over the bar .
friends taking shots together .
it was finally new years , a time for big celebration !
we celebrate every year by throwing a costume party .
... and drinking of course !
my friends were adorable in their hawaiian couple 's costume .
we had good food and good drinks .
we set up for the new years party .
people dressed up and had fun .
we had some drinks and put on music .
once everyone was there we started the celebration .
we sat around partying and conversing till midnight .
there was a new years party at the local bar today .
people were all dressed up .
there were some people that were dressed up as sailors .
there were also some people that dressed up as tourists .
overall , everyone had a great time .
we grabbed our spot on the beach to watch the annual fireworks display .
the sun began to set over the city .
we watch with anticipation as the men light the first one .
then we oohhh and ahhhh as it bursts it 's color across the sky
too soon it was over . we will definitely be back again .
the fireworks show had started and we were ready for the action .
the beach was were we decided to watch the fireworks .
here the two of us are before the fireworks show .
the fireworks were amazing showing multiple different colors .
the skyline of the city from our view on the beach .
my friend and i are just waiting on fireworks show to start .
the night is beautiful with the city lights in the background .
the fireworks show has finally started .
the fireworks show is great . it usually last about 20 minutes .
the ending is the best of it all . so many going off one right behind the other .
though the photo is blurry , we were happy to get out tonight .
with the skyline in view , we started to wait for the fireworks .
and this is one the first firework started to go off .
here they are bursting in the sky . very colorful and well done .
the booms from these bright white fireworks made our chests rumble .
we went to the beach to wait for the fireworks .
we saw the city skyline in the distance .
then the fireworks finally began when it got dark .
they were so magical .
at the end i was sad they were over .
it 's the beach !
everyone was there today .
it was so much fun .
the water was chilly .
but that did n't stop us .
there were so many people at the swimming event !
we all stood on the shore waiting for the race to begin .
some competitors wore costumes !
the water was so cold !
i had a great time , but was ready to go home .
i went to the beach today with some of my friends .
we checked out some guys .
and we met this sweet lady .
some random woman then started yelling at us .
my friends and i ran away laughing .
this year we decided to watch as individuals were going to swim in ice cold lake location .
this child looks so frightened , i hope his parents do not allow him to participate .
my boyfriend and his best friend were going to take the plunge .
this group of individuals just wet their feet , their bodies could not take it .
my boyfriend decided against taking the plunge , but he watched his friend jump in .
swimsuits have a great range of styles .
speedo 's .
ultra conservative .
large ones .
and if you do n't have one , just wear your shorts .
our vacation at the beach was great !
we had an amazing view from our room .
the beds were really comfortable and nice .
the bathroom was clean and even had a double sink .
there also was plenty of room to sit and hang out with friends .
[male] was on vacation at this wonderful beach .
he headed into his room and put his things away .
he looking around the room and he liked what he seen .
[male] was finishing unpacking all of his stuff .
it was now time to head to the beach and search for some babes .
this is my hotel .
we had a great view of the island .
beds were okay .
at least there were two sinks .
not a fan of hardwood floors in the bedroom .
checked out the view of the beach and went to get ready .
i went into my room to find something to wear .
i had to think hard on this one .
i had to make sure i looked the part .
i got ready and headed out .
we stayed at a pretty fancy hotel in location this trip .
it was a high rise , right on the beach .
the beds were extra-long !
the bathroom was so fancy , with two sinks !
the room even had a hallway !
it was a great day for surfing as my friend [male] plunged into surf .
gnarly waves were to be had .
my friend [male] hung ten like a pro .
at least for a few seconds before the big wave caught up to him .
what followed was an epic wipe out .
the waves were gnarly dude
my bro tackled them like nothing
all the fly honeys wanted him
nothing better than hot girls and good waves
this is were fear goes to die
the waves on that beautiful day were huge !
i caught one hard and perfect .
i was riding it out with ease .
i caught the end of the funnel .
i finished with a dive right over the top of the wave .
this is a great day for surfing with massive waves .
a man that is surfing catches the wave and rides it .
as the wave starts to drop over he rides underneath it .
the wave is too massive and out of control .
the man loses his footing with all the water pouring on him he falls off .
we went to the beach today , walking along the beach .
we saw a surfer out in the waves !
when he walked by , we said hi .
we walked into the water to get a closer look at him .
we saw another surfer riding a wave !
i stayed outside recently at our lake house to watch the sunset .
the sunset was relaxing and peaceful .
i really enjoyed watching the shadows change as the sun went down .
i watched until you could barely see a spec of light on the horizon .
i think i am going to watch the sunset more often from now on .
[male] and i were sad that it was last night of vacation . we decided to watch the sun rise .
it is so beautiful to watch the sun to rise while on the beach .
we relaxed for a bit and watched it rise . we decided to make today a good day .
once the sun rose , we decided to go on the boat tour we had been wanting to go on .
i had a special surprise for [male] . i was going to show him the dress i was going to wear to the wedding . he loved it !
we sat in and prepared to watch the sunset .
it was amazing how fast it happened .
i loved the colors it made in the sky .
as it disappeared , i did n't want to see it go .
right before it was gone , the halo it left was beautiful .
it is sunset at this lake and the sun is a perfect orange circle .
it is amazing how the sun stretches over the water and the sky colors change .
the sky changes from blue to pink to orange .
as the sun dips below the trees the skies colors change and it gets darker .
the sun was lighting up the water and now the water is dark and looks cold .
with a mouth that could n't scream the mayfly tried to scream but settled for flying in erratic circles .
the sun was setting .
its day was up .
every circle the mayfly made was more difficult than the last . the sun seemed to sink farther behind the horizon each time the mayfly checked .
as the mayfly began dropping to the ground it looked to the sun one more time and saw in its place a beautiful orange sky . as the mayfly rested fully onto a leaf , stilled its wings , and closed its eyes it realized how lucky it was to have seen the sunset that so many other mayflys would never get to see .
the lake looked amazing .
but so did the sun .
it was such a wonderful event to witness .
just look at the contrasts .
i even had to take a wide angle shot !
my annual trip to the lake is a journey that i make on my own .
i used to go with my grandpa and one of his favorite things to do would be to watch the sunset .
grandpa is n't here anymore so i make the trek alone and i am astounded by the colors every time .
each year i make a quiet pact with myself to always remember the good times with my grandpa .
no matter where i am sunsets remind me of grandpa , but i always feel a special connection when i make my journey to the lake .
our beautiful retirement vacation to location
the lake was frozen magnificence and you can even see the aura which was there the whole trip
sunset over the lake was breathtaking
another angle of seemingly the end of the earth
a picture of the lake from the shore
after a long day of fishing , we setup camp by the lake .
my dad fried the fish while i walked along the shore and watched the sunset .
i was awed by the beautiful colors and even saw some pink and lilac .
soon the sky color changed to a deep blue and orange and i found peace with nature .
i returned to the campsite and was able to capture one more spectacular view of the sunset .
the water is very calm
the outline of the trees mirror in the water
the sun is setting and makes the area cozy
love the warm glow of the red orange and blue
the scene looks like a painting
the pool hosted its first swim meet last weekend .
swimmers from around the county competed against each other at the new outdoor facility .
swimmers competed in several events .
records were set in free style and breaststroke
over 400 swimmers competed and 9 new records were set .
at the swimming race my friend was trying to get another first place finish .
a competitor to my friend had an excellent butterfly swim .
another competitor dipped her head in the water during a breast stroke .
the backstroke is where my friend struggled the most .
the winner of the competition swam much faster than the rest of the competitors .
first he dove in the water with excitement .
he spent some time doing the back stroke .
he fought hard to make is to the other side .
he took long strides and came up for air .
he rushed to the end with taking deep breathes .
my swim team had a competition last week .
i raced in the 100 butterfly .
and my friend won her breaststroke race .
i attempted the backstroke , but i 'm not very good at it .
and my sister won her freestyle race .
we made it in time to see an excellent swim meet .
here is the winner of the backstroke just before the finish of the race .
the free style started with butterfly .
most of the swimmers chose to do the breast stroke back to the starting gate .
here is the winner finishing the race with the butterfly stroke again .
the little girl went to the beach .
her parents watched her while she was there .
her brother gave her a piggy back ride .
afterwards , they saw some grassy beach .
and found their dog over by a beach house .
a family decided to go on vacation .
they brought their two children .
of course the family dog came with , too .
on the trip , the dog ran away into a field of tall grass .
at the end of the day , they found their dog !
the family took a vacation along the coast on a windy , cold weekend . it was so windy that the girl almost lost her hat .
the mother and father took a break to enjoy the ocean view .
later in the day , the girl played piggy-back with her brother .
then the weather became even windier and the ocean churned .
despite the weather , the vacation was a success and even the dog enjoyed it .
the family went to the beach yesterday .
the parents watched as the children played in the sand .
the older brother gave his little sister a piggy back ride .
the ocean was too cold to go swimming .
the family dog had a good time on the beach too .
a day at the beach under overcast skies .
this couple posed on the empty beach .
a father and his daughter played and bundled up against the cold .
the ocean roared at a distance under darkening clouds .
near the cottage , a puppy kept watch over the beachgoers .
this year we decided to explore the country side on horseback .
there are so many different sights to see like boats in the bay .
it is also nice to stop and enjoy the river .
the horses decide to stop for a drink .
then it is back to town to rest and refresh ourselves .
the trip started with a ferry ride on the river .
then mom , dad , grandma and the kids all went horse back riding on the beach in the afternoon .
after riding horses we stopped at a local cafe for coffee overlooking the beach .
later in the day we went to town to visit all the scenic tourist shops and a famous pub in a pink building .
at the end of the day i wanted to take a picture of the famous bridge across the town 's river .
my friends and i got to the river around 6pm . we were ready to go .
a group of horses were staged there , ready for us to ride . we climbed on and rode into the ocean .
after a couple miles , we came upon a large , old building near the shore . we rode the horses up and stepped down .
after lunch at the old building , we strode through the rest of town , which had a shopping district with a parking lot .
we embarked again , on the horses , leaving the city behind .
we took our annual trip to the beach .
that is the boat that we use to get across the ocean .
there is also a bridge we can drive across
further up the river we go fishing .
this is our house we are staying at .
there was so much to do at the cape today . here is the view from the car .
the kids all went horse back riding at the water 's edge .
i stayed dry to take some pictures of the local architecture .
here is where we wound up at the end of the day .
i went around to the front to get another picture of the colorful homes in the area .
[male] decided to take his camera for a trek of a hill overlooking the beach .
the people on the beach were the size of ants , it seemed .
the views were breathtaking .
there were however , some lurking dangers .
all in all , it was an enjoyable adventure for [male] .
today is the perfect day for us to take a walk along the sea shore .
we like to follow the trail around the edge of the point .
we look at sea creatures on the rocks .
and we make sure to avoid the snake .
the old dinghy on the rock indicates that we are close to home again .
we had been hiking for hours now and the beach was finally in sight .
we could see it far below . we had to figure out a way to get down from here .
it was still quite far away .
we almost had a dangerous encounter with a poisonous snake while we were trying to figure it out .
after the encounter with the snake we decided to give up .
we hit the dirt road that led to the beach .
the beach was empty and the water was pristine .
we discovered this abandoned cove .
unfortunately we also discovered this snake .
we climbed the hills behind the beach to get a view of the shore extending as far as the eyes could see .
it was a long ride from town around the mountain near the ocean shore .
as i biked along the rode , i saw people walking along the beach .
the lagoon was a beautiful mixture of crystal clear water and white sand beach .
as i was taking photos , i noticed i had a visitor in this snake . it startled me and i took off quickly .
as i returned to the town , i was able to capture another great view of this magnificent coastline .
the desert organization organization , arts and crafts exposition kicked off sunday .
there were handcrafted pots among the wares on display .
colored sand also was a big hit .
the expo included demonstrations of newfangled gadgets .
afterward , there was a tour of the nearby canyons .
we went to a museum this weekend to to look at paintings .
after the museum he went to a fair to buy gifts .
i bought some colored sand in a bottle to take home .
later we rented a boat to go to an island that had prehistoric paintings .
we climbed the cliffs on the island to explore the surroundings .
vacations always create special memories .
one gets to experience the way of other cultures
there are treats to buy around every corner .
lakes are always family fun .
it is always great to also go hiking through the ranges .
we were incredibly lost last week . the only thing we could see for miles was a large windmill .
finally we came across some civilization . there was an outdoor market that had some unique merchandise .
there were tons of products for sale .
i 'm not quite sure what this is for .
after browsing for a while we had to continue our journey .
my husband an i went on our honeymoon in location last month .
there were all sorts of markets selling hand painted pottery .
i purchased some jars of colored sand .
outside our hotel was a big calm sea to swim in .
and there were areas to hike in too .
our trip to location was amazing . here 's an up close photo of a kangaroo .
and we came upon a koala .
we trekked on the australian desert .
and came to a beach with seals !
the beach was really , really amazing .
[male] went on a trip to see wildlife . it involved long hikes but it was worth it .
he saw seals frolicking on the shore near the surf .
he also saw some rare lizards while passing the thick brush .
the views were absolutely breathtaking .
his favorite thing to see was the field full of kangaroos hopping around . it was a very memorable trip .
im alone here on this island .
nothing but me and the critters .
seals and lizards as far as the eye can see .
the loneliness is crushing but the sites are beautiful .
least i can eat well tonight .
this is a very unique place that not many people know about . researchers come here to learn about wildlife .
the seals are comfortable enough to sit on the beach and sun bathe and play .
there are other creatures that come onto the island and make it their home .
the rocks surrounding the island are huge but a beautiful site .
the wildlife are extreme here . there are even kangaroos .
we walked up the hill on the beach .
we spotted seals near the shore .
there was a lizard in it 's habitat .
the waters were very calm .
lastly , we spotted a herd of kangaroos .
we went to the beach during winter .
it was a clear day .
my dad brought a kite to fly .
my little brother tried blowing bubbles .
i think it was too cold for the bubbles to work well .
a walk on the beach is always relaxing .
the water looks a bit cold though .
yep , it 's cold out . needed my winter coat to fly the kite .
brr ! my hands are freezing . can we go home now ?
yay back home with my sweet son .
a woman went on a beach vacation with her friend and her son . the sand was pristine .
the water , although cold , was calm that day .
the two women flew a kite .
the boy preferred to blow bubbles .
he ended up using the whole bottle .
we went out to the beach one day .
the waves where calm and the day was peaceful .
it was cold but we brought the kites to fly .
we got the kid a snack to eat while there .
he was n't to excited but it got better . it was still a fun day .
the beach had many footsteps
from the people looking at the calm water .
they then got bubbles
to blow along the beach
with others watching .
there was water .
so much water .
it was a river .
and a bridge .
with guys on a rock .
everyone gathered by the waterfront for the parade .
there were many who walked down the street that day .
the bagpipe players were everyone 's favorite .
the guys even decorated their truck .
last but not least , the kids made their way down the street .
we headed out to the road to see the parade .
then it seemed that everyone else felt the same .
bagpipe players came first leading the parades music .
vehicles came by carrying various characters .
in the back where the ones marching for causes and such . a standard parade .
the water was calm
before the waves started coming .
the bridges were not affected
and remained standing .
the people wanted to go into the water .
went out to town today and the river was really flowing .
the parade started just on time and the streets were filled with people .
love the sounds of the music playing from the bag pipes .
everyone joined in and decorated their trucks and themselves .
the last of it and people are already heading home . what a wonderful day we had .
the dog went on a walk through the park .
she saw beautiful flowers in bloom .
she even saw interesting looking plants in vibrant colors .
a crow tweeted hello to her from the garden .
she was exhausted when she returned from her adventure .
the photographer arrived on the scene to a beautiful lily .
he moved down toward the beach and saw a gorgeous red flower .
and , when he reached the beach , the animals arrived .
since , he was afraid of animals , the photographer quickly moved on and saw a gorgeous cactus ...
and , he finally , reached his final view ... a , beautiful entry point to the caverns .
the purple plant is in bloom .
there are several color flowers .
there are bright red colors in bloom .
there is a bird in the flowers .
the cat is relaxing on top of a red pillow at the end of the night .
the flowers were very pretty
especially the purple one .
the red were nice too
and the bird thought so too
and so did the dog .
it is so peaceful out in my garden today .
the flowers are blooming and so bright .
nature at its best . seeing the different colors and shapes is always breath taking .
even the birds love my garden .
my dog lays on a pillow in the shade and takes it all in .
this couple wanted to spend some time together .
they started off their day by having coffee with some friends .
they then watched the sunset near the pier .
later that afternoon they went to a food tasting convention .
finally they ended their day by watching their favorite band play at the pier .
he wore purple .
took three photos .
got really blurry .
went to the water .
and had a silver fork .
a group of friends vacationed together during the summer season . some of them relaxed on the grass .
others told jokes and ate together .
some of them spent time walking the pier and site seeing .
on saturday , the entire group got together for a reunion lunch party .
the last day of the vacation , the group gathered again and watched a live music performance .
mom and dad are relaxing on a nice day .
uncle is telling a story to everyone .
this is the view we got to see as a family .
the party was great and everyone was having a great time .
the entertainment at the end of the night was awesome .
the couple was having a nice time
listening to the guy tell his stories .
the water was calm
at the wedding
before the band played .
the rocks were very big near the shore .
we could see very tall grass over the water .
near the grass was a pier for many boats .
we rode one of the boats to get a closer view of the city .
after riding for a while , we arrived at choppy waters .
the pier is full of boats .
we enter the river and with other boats .
we pass the lighthouse next to the tall bridge .
a yacht passes slowly and safely under the long bridge .
we are on the beach and have been joined by another boat .
this year we took our first trip in a long time .
we visited the lake . it was so beautiful .
we got a beautiful pic of the skyline and bridge near the marina .
i wanted to ride on one of the boats , but we did n't have time .
the water was so beautiful that day . i had to get a picture !
water is important for life . the ocean provides life for many species .
lakes are home to different types of fish and plants .
this coastal city gets a lot of revenue from their fishermen .
the ferries take tourists around the bay .
without water humanity could not survive .
[male] 's family loved traveling across the world by water . they loved the ocean .
they loved sight seeing and the ocean breeze . they 'd stop and take photo 's of the beautiful view .
they 'd spend hours out of the day away . then they 'd report back to the docs .
the next day , [male] 's family boat would be back out to sea . [male] sometimes even enjoyed cruising the ocean seas all alone .
when alone , [male] would still take photos . he new his wife and kids would n't want to miss the beautiful scenery he stumbled upon on his solo journeys .
just six months ago stew and [male] decided to take a road trip with some friends .
they hate riding in the car and found it best to sleep while driving .
they took 3 days to get to their destination , it was more beautiful than they thought it might be .
they were so excited when they got there .
they had to take the obligatory bff picture .
a few friends decided to go on a road trip .
they went to see the country 's biggest fruit sculpture .
they were unamused .
but luckily one of the friends was a clown in his spare time .
the road trip was ultimately worth it as they saw the sun set at their destination .
its so easy to get caught up in the hustle and bustle of life .
its easy to get worn out and forget whats important .
sometimes you need time for yourself .
time to unwind with friends and family .
time to make yourself happy again .
friends came together for a trip .
the ride up the mountain was really long .
the mountain view was beautiful .
they let go of balloons to celebrate friendship .
the day has only just begun .
the men were sitting on the couch
before they fell asleep .
then they saw a lake
before they threw balls up
and took photos .
it was a beautiful summer day spent with friends .
[male] took us out on the lake in his boat .
everybody that wanted to try took a turn water skiing .
[male] spent most of his time in the water .
the best part of the day was relaxing with my friends .
it was a beautiful day to take the boat out and do some water skiing .
we were all smiles with excitement .
here is a friend ready to take his turn .
he was doing a great job ,
until he took the tumble . he was okay and we continued with our fun filled day .
a group of friends went out boating on the lake .
my friend [male] drove the boat , which belonged to his dad .
a group of us tried water-skiing behind the boat .
[male] was the best and showed us all how it was done .
other friends were content to just ride in the boat and enjoy the sun and breeze .
the family got together to spend the day at the lake .
everyone enjoyed riding the boat .
then everyone same in the water .
after that we did some water skiing .
sometimes we would fall into the water .
[male] was excited to show his friends his new boat , and try to get them up on the wake board .
his buddies had never wake boarded before , but were willing to try .
here 's [male] taking his first try , and looking a bit pensive about it .
success ! he got up first try and boarded behind the boat .
however , his first try at trying to jump the wake did not go quite as well .
i finally got to visit location location .
we walked all around .
this is the falls close up .
we walked upstream to see where people go over in a barrel .
there were many other sightseers there .
a man visited location location .
the man was able to stand very close to the edge of the falls .
at a distance , he noticed a partial rainbow forming over the crowd .
by standing on a different angle , he could see a complete rainbow over the crowd .
the man enjoyed posing in front of a rainbow himself .
i went to visit location location this summer .
i had a friend of mine take pictures of me with the falls behind me .
the falls were enormous and had an amazing amount of power .
above the falls , the waters were rough , and there was spray everywhere .
people crowded around to watch the falls in action .
[male] was excited to see location location .
he loved to watch to water fall ,
and he loved how the excited people were over this spectacular sight .
[male] also enjoyed the way the rainbow formed over the water ,
so he just had to take a picture with it .
we took a trip to location location .
it was such a nice day to visit the water fall .
we got a really good few of the water fall .
then we walked around the water to look at the scenery .
after that we came across a large crowd taking pictures .
it 's summer in del mar and these friends have rented a condo on the beach for the summer .
they are spending their days having fun in the sun .
tito belongs to [female] and likes to sit and watch everyone .
[male] and [female] are [female] 's parents and actually own the condo , so they have stopped by .
a bad rip tide has hit the water so for now guests are taking precautions and staying out of the water .
their dog wants to go outside .
seating in front of their beach house .
ready to go scuba diving .
sun tanning in there balcony .
enjoying the beach with her boyfriend .
a family decides to rent a beach home to vacation .
as everyone arrives , they move to the outdoor deck and move to the beach .
even the dog was brought along to enjoy the trip .
even those in the family that do n't like the beach enjoy sitting outside .
in the end , it was a wonderful vacation for all involved .
sitting in the sand with puppy was nice .
we enjoyed the weather ,
and so did he .
we sat and chatted for a bit ,
before going to the beach .
i recently was set up on a blind date , and was immediately turned off by the dog at her front door .
i played with the dog anyway because i wanted to make a good impression .
playing with the dog must have worked because she quickly grew attached to me .
i ca n't believe how lucky i am to be with a girl as attractive as her .
we are perfect together , and it may have never happened if i did n't pretend to love that mangy dog .
we traveled to location .
the light houses were so nice .
the beaches were pristine .
they had so many features , like these rocks .
the wildlife was cool too !
we woke in the morning and before we left , we appreciated this yellow flower .
i took my yellow jeep out to the desert .
i wanted to get closer to the beach so i drove through sand .
i got closer to the shore when i saw the rocks .
on my boat , i was able to see the crystal blue water .
location has a large tourism industry .
people visiting location usually spend time by the ocean .
these people are wake boarding .
this beach is beautiful .
some people go snorkeling on their vacations to location .
the man had never been to location , and he was very excited that he was going to vacation there .
one of the first things he saw was a lighthouse standing majestically .
the trip included many adventures , including trips out to the sea on a boat .
he also spent time hiking along the rocky shores of the beaches .
on his final day , he went snorkeling , and say many strange and exotic fish !
[female] loved visiting location . she visited at least once a year .
she absolutely loved the scenery . she loved the tall skyscrapers . especially the beautiful lighthouses .
[female] would go to the sandy beaches and think about her life and how it would be if she moved to location .
she would take many pictures . everywhere she went she was sure to snap a picture or two .
[female] would mostly enjoy stopping by location 's aquariums . they were filled with amazing looking fish . some [female] had never seen before . [female] loved that about location .
our office holiday party started out as a lot of fun .
one of our coworkers had a bit too much to drink , but she enjoyed herself .
she might have second thoughts when she wakes up with this mustache .
the vp ended up with a funny mustache on his neck .
and it was all captured in pictures for the office scrapbook .
this is my older sister at her birthday party .
she 's opening gifts .
my little sister broke out a pack of fake mustaches .
obviously , i had to try one on .
even my wife was wearing one by the end of the night .
we were all opening gifts .
she got a nice shirt dress !
we also had fun with some mustaches .
both guys and girls did !
even the old ones !
we threw a party to celebrate my friend 's birthday .
she posed with the birthday presents her mother had sent her .
the highlight was a friend of mine breaking out the fake mustache .
many people at the party decided to put the mustache on .
this included the girls , who were especially fascinated by it .
a group of friends got together for a christmas party .
everyone had a lot of drinks .
some made silly faces for the camera .
everyone had a few laughs .
some of our friends took pictures for us .
today is going to be spent at the beach .
my buddies are getting ready to set up our beach camp .
the bananas look out of place laying next to the water .
standing tall , i feel the power of the tide coming in .
the enormity of the water places a powerful image in my mind .
we went to the beach .
we got settled with friends .
the features were amazing .
so many people were there !
we even brought our dogs !
my team and i went to the beach to see what we could do to help the animals nearby .
we prepped to go into the water to rescue the animals .
we found bananas floating nearby that someone had just thrown away .
i stood on a rock and contemplated life .
we left frustrated , but with a feeling that we were doing some good .
i got up early for a walk on the beach .
there were surfers out prepping their boards .
i ate a banana , a peel is ok to throw in the ocean , right ?
i climbed up on a rock to get a better view .
the ocean was stunning , i was glad i went out .
the tour group took us to the coast for the day .
it was lunch time so people were getting their lunches out .
someone dropped some bananas into the water .
after lunch we admired the view of the ocean .
this day was a great day to come to the coast and enjoy the waves .
the beach is always such beautiful scenery .
the waves wash the upon the shores with such calmness .
seeing the footprints in the sand of all visitors is relaxing .
watching the sun set over the mountains is such a beautiful sight .
as it darkens the scenery is nearly perfect .
our vacation was amazing ! the resort was very nice and clean .
there were many trees and it was very green .
the beaches were not too crowded and the ocean was blue .
we walked barefoot on the beach for hours .
we just could n't get enough of the scenery and walked for most of the vacation .
the other day , i stopped at the beach near my house .
i walked along the shore for a while , seeing if i could find anything interesting .
i came to a little peninsula and decided to sit and watch the sunrise .
as the sun came up over the hillside , i was struck with awe and joy .
a few clouds moved in , but it was the most gorgeous view .
my family and i had a relaxing vacation at the beach .
one of my favorite activities was walking in the sand .
we walked for miles and miles at the sandy beach . .
at the end of the day we were rewarded with a glorious sunset .
the clouds looked like smoke as the day ended and the sun set .
the couple was having a romantic evening .
they walked on the beach .
they let the water run over their feet .
then they watched the sunset .
the sun slowly sank down .
they went on a boat ride .
the boat passed under the bridge on the way into the city .
being beneath the bridge gave a new perspective of it to the viewer .
they made it to the dock and walked into the city .
the walk was filled with beautiful plants .
the post for danger of any kind are in place to the area .
the sky view and beyond the horizons are beautiful .
into the waters and the sand base beach along the side of the city is quiet and nice .
the entrance to the bridge shows well secure stability while crossing .
the long overpass over the water is similar to the location location location .
after a long night of drinking i awoke on a boat .
i was slowly passing under a bridge i began to black out again .
i awoke on dry land this time looking up at this very strange fixture .
i got up and started walking towards the city .
but i blacked out again and woke up in a lovely garden .
look at this beautiful pool in the hotel .
great picture of the bridge .
the under part of the bridge .
skyscrapers in the distance .
pretty purple flowers on a spring day .
the new attraction by the beach is finally coming to a close . a tall light faces the boardwalk .
the mountains in the background are gorgeous .
a boardwalk goes out to the ocean for fishermen of all ages .
the city near the ocean is gorgeous and has a large clock .
a bridge leads from the city back into the main part of the city .
i was by the water .
then i went to the hotel .
this was my room .
it was nice .
then i ate .
this is the hotel we stayed at while on vacation .
they were building on while we were there .
they had very nice rooms .
they also had a restaurant inside the hotel .
the food was delicious .
being on the water , this hotel is a great place for recreation .
it is also close to the city for shopping , dining , movies and etc .
the rooms of the hotel are bright and clean .
even people traveling for work ca n't help but smile when sitting at the pink desk chair .
home style meals at the hotel restaurant keep guests full and happy .
i am off on a vacation by myself . a much needed vacation .
i love the palm trees in front of the hotel .
look at that big , comfy bed i will have all to myself !
i decided to take myself out for dinner .
i 'm not exactly sure what this meal was , but it was delicious !
we closed in on the hotel we where staying at .
it looked huge even from the distance .
we checked in and got ready to go out .
we saw a restaurant and decided to eat there .
the food was very unique and different .
i woke in the morning to a lovely view of nature .
the trees were green and lush and the sky was blue .
i took my car to get closer to the cemetery .
the cemetery had very many tombstones .
near the end of the cemetery was a peaceful and serene lake .
what a wonderful day to enjoy mother nature .
the ride is full of scenic fields of green .
rock walls along the road are capturing my spirit .
a tiny brook meanders throughout the woods .
the current in the brook becomes interesting to me .
i am self-employed so i get to enjoy the festivities of life on my own time .
i hiked up the mountain to see this incredible view .
i traveled by car for the occasion .
i visited a graveyard that was next to the mountains .
lastly , i ended up near the river .
the day promised to be a beautiful one . the sky was mostly clear and blue .
they found themselves driving through a magical green countryside .
the road wove through tunnels of gray rock , and the sound of their tires echoed as they passed .
they left the car behind and discovered a burbling brook leading through the woods .
the air was cool and fresh , filled with the sounds of water splashing the rocks . they wished they could stay here forever .
what a beautiful day ! we 're high up in the hills . let 's go for a drive and explore .
everyone into the car . look at the lovely green scenery .
the road looks interesting . what 's around the bend ?
let 's stop at the river and take a walk . stretch our legs after the drive .
careful , do n't slip ! the water looks cool but we better not go too far from the road . what a great day out ,
we went to the beach at winter last year .
we had some trouble finding an entrance .
once on the beach , it was really cold .
the fog reduced visibility .
it looked neglected and you could tell it was off season for beach going .
the beach was so hazy today . could hardly see .
why is the only road out of here closed ? ? ? how do we get out ?
what the hell is that ? ! ! looks like a bunch of zombies coming toward us .
not sure i want to try to leave that way either .
zombies are getting closer . it 's either get eaten or jump ... think i 'll jump !
it has been storming all day . the access road for the beach has been closed .
from this view , you ca n't make out the beach at all .
you can see the surf is stronger than usual .
the fog is so thick you can hardly make out the pier .
i hope the retainer wall works .
after the storm died down a bit , we decided to take a walk to look at the damage .
the bridge was still up , but the beach looked ominous as we approached .
all that was left of the pier were a few pilings sticking up from the water .
the entire pier had the majority of it 's wood washed completely out to sea .
some of the boardwalk had been picked up and placed on it 's side from the powerful storm .
the storm had blown the gate shut
and caused much fog .
the bridge was falling
into the water .
then washed up onto shore .
[male] was ready for a party on the boat..
he enjoyed the food and the drink..
until , he was sea sick from the food and drink ... .
since , [male] had left , his brother , [male] , decided to show off his speedo..
and , everyone but [male] and [male] were happy to be heading back to shore .
the families got together to go out on the water .
they unpacked their things into their sleeping quarters .
they went to the top deck to enjoy lunch after unpacking .
it was nice to catch up with each other .
the rest of the day was spent relaxing on the water .
my boss invited us on his sailboat . it has all the modern conveniences below deck .
we were served a fresh lobster dinner .
boss sat back and soaked up the rays while letting others steer the boat .
some of the guys regretted not bringing a fishing pole .
instead of fishing , we stopped here and did some snorkeling .
this was the crew quarters on the fishing vessel .
this was our fair weather dining room on the trip .
hanging out the laundry and enjoying the fresh air .
getting ready to go diving to fix the net .
these were a series of small islands were the sharks were plentiful .
the family is going on a boating trip
and were having fun down under .
they were eating outside
and taking photos
before enjoying the view .
ok , this is us acting goofy at work . i lost a bet so i dress like a girl .
reviewing all our `` important '' policies here .
do a push up , camera is watching !
i do n't drink at work , unless it 's a day .
ah , lunch time .
some golf to relax before the training exercise begins .
beach time right before the training get underway .
some hazing to get the training going in the right direction .
the ladies making fun of the men in the unit .
some good chow to fill up on after a long day of training .
we did some work in the field before heading in .
we hated having to leave the beach .
we got back to base and it was all business .
we took a quick leak before the night kicked off .
we got beer , ordered pizza and got to it .
the soldiers decided to have fun on their down time .
they put up decorations and posters on the walls .
then they had push up contests .
after that they relaxed with a few drinks .
at the end of the day , they all sat down together to share stories .
shenanigans always start when i dress up .
just thinking about super heros makes me proud of my costume .
the loser of the costume contest has to get down and give me 20 .
sometimes you just have to sit back and enjoy the winning .
a meal always brings us back together no matter who wins or loses .
the sky was blue and orange in the morning .
we traveled to the cove to get an overcast shot .
we found three boats near the shore .
my friends suggested we approach the beach .
we found many other people going to the beach at this time of day .
this is a beautiful view from our vacation
we swam in the cove for a whole day
we toured the city .
and took in all the views along the way .
one last drive by our swimming cove on the way home
i went on vacation to location this year .
the blue seas were gorgeous , as were the rising hills beyond .
some sailboats were left before for our use .
each night , i walked into town for dinner .
the people were tremendously friendly .
this dock is where people relax during the day .
these people are catching some sun .
the town by the bay makes money from fishing .
the waters are full of fish .
this bay is important for relaxation and business .
on the first day of the our trip , we arrived to see the sunrise .
there was a beautiful cliff over the water .
there were tiny little boats on the shore . they were cute .
we were on a great walking path , with not too many other tourists around .
down below , there was a beach . we walked towards it to dip our feet in the water .
location is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
location location is beautiful from the front .
location location is even more beautiful from behind .
the organization organization organization is a great place to visit .
nothing in the world is as beautiful as the eiffel tour at night .
the sky was blue and clouds were sorted around the sky .
i traveled near some historic buildings .
i also visited this local monument .
i am really a fan of artistic elements and sculptures in the city .
i went home to eat dinner with my grandparent 's friends .
a vacation to location . clouds over siene
notra dame , with its superb flying buttresses
the louvre - the building was exciting but the art got old .
this giant face was an exception .
dinner at the b & b was a great way to meet other travelers and locals .
the family decided to go on a trip overseas .
the first stop there were quite a few people out and about .
the second stop there was less people so we enjoyed it more .
this traffic was the least fun of out trip .
the eiffel tower was our favorite stop .
location is a beautiful place . the scenery just ca n't be beat .
just about every building looks like it was designed by some architectural genius .
the churches are really something else . rarely see anything like this back home .
could n't possibly miss out on the arc de triomphe .
of course , could n't possibly miss out on the location location either . was worth the trip for this alone .
this ranch was by the ocean .
the family was happy to be out of the city .
they could hear the sounds of the ocean from their bed and breakfast .
the view from this perch was beautiful .
the whole family really loved their weekend away from the city .
me and my friend [male] went backpacking this year .
we saw many great sites like this sedimentary rock .
we also passed my a cool firehouse that was also a lighthouse .
our journeys take us very far .
however seeing the beauty nature has to offer is always worth it .
there was a fire hose in case of an emergency .
the rocks took some damage from the crashing waters .
a lighthouse oversees the ocean .
we hiked up the mountain .
it was a fantastic day to go visit here .
we visited a farm with some not so friendly horses .
i brought my sister with me who looked at me with resentment .
the sky was gray and the waves were roaring .
every house was fitted with its own personal firehouse compartment .
this house has stood here for years despite its dangerous location .
i went on a trip to the countryside . i found this sign quite funny .
[female] did n't want her picture taken .
the ocean was nearby .
the hydrant and hose box stood in stark contrast to each other .
i climbed way up high to the top of a summit and took this picture of a lighthouse .
the man was n't quite ready to get up that morning .
but he was glad to be out on the beach .
they had a great time together .
they both went for a swim in the ocean .
after a fun day of swimming they began the walk home .
the grandpa was passed out still , after a long night of drinking .
the mom was not going to let this ruin her family 's first beach trip .
her husband was so excited to take his family out on the beach .
the oldest son was timid and did n't want to get in the ocean .
the younger son was eager to play , and stayed in the ocean with his boogie board for hours .
dad did not want to get out of bed this morning .
mom jumped into bed with him .
the parents went to the beach with their children .
one son swam in the ocean .
the other son boogie boarded .
here i am laying in bed after way too much drinking . my thoughts are now turning into dreams .
oh , the beach , the soft sand , the gentle waves , and the warm sunshine .
i catch up to find my girlfriend and i give her a big hug from behind .
now i 'm in the water having fun and playing with a big floating ball .
i am now out of the water walking tall and getting in my tanning rays . what a great dream !
we went on a family vacation . dad passed out with a bottle of alcohol .
my husband is posing , how cute !
here is a cute photo of me and my husband .
oh no , do n't let that thing attack you honey
here is my hubby walking like a runway model , shirt off and everything !
the aerial view of the city was pretty neat .
the view of the river showed just how big it really was .
flying over the mayors house was cool because most people never got to see it up close .
the local baseball diamond was empty on this particular day .
the pilot made sure to give a full tour of the entire town .
the plane allowed him to see so much of hte landscape .
he could see the lake and the forest all at once .
they even passed over the green house .
they also flew over the local wetlands .
finally the flight had to end and they descended back onto the runway .
flying in the plane , we could see every little detail of the land beneath .
we saw the expanse of the river and the houses near it .
we also saw a large building surrounded by trees .
we even flew over a large empty baseball field .
sitting up near the pilot was exciting , and there were many beautiful sights to be seen .
the views from the small plane were breathtaking .
from this height the water is a sparkling blue .
the area has mansions that seem even larger when seen from above .
the angles of the baseball diamond contrast against the natural landscape .
after an amazing flight with beautiful views the plane is ready to land .
on my vacation i went on a helicopter ride . i got to see the town from an aerial view .
bodies of water look so cool from up here .
here 's a building i visited when i was on the ground as well .
i also strolled to this baseball field so it was cool to see it from the sky .
here we are coming in for a landing .
do you know the best thing about going on vacation with your friends ?
they understand how fun and crazy you can be and decide to join in .
we went to the local beach and explored the rocks along the shore .
we also told him to watch out so he would n't fall in .
he told us that he was safe because he had a floating device . we all had to laugh .
we still had a few hours left before we had to leave .
we went to a local beach to collect shells .
we found a giant beached buoy and climbed on top of it .
there was a small house that was used for sheep that we took photos of .
on our way back we took one last picture for memories .
after walking together for a long time we finally made it to the beach .
we played lots of games together while we were there .
the view was spectacular .
the ocean spray was very cold this time of year .
i hope we get to go back very soon .
our care package has arrived
my mom is so happy to have gotten matches from the package .
this is where we will be fishing for food .
mom mt is getting ready to fish .
this is were we will use the matches we had gotten to start a fire and cook the fish .
my wife and i went to the beach last winter .
although it was too cold to swim , we stood by the water .
my wife played on a buoy .
and she crawled into some rock formations .
we found a trail and went for a hike for a while before heading home .
our trip to the island was fantastic ! here 's [male] relaxing on our veranda with our dog [male] .
to get to the beach from our place we had to go down a steep hill .
here we are rowing our kayak - such fun !
here 's cutie [male] with his snorkelling gear on once we got into the water .
after that , we ended the day together . happy times !
[male] had a great time canoeing on the lake this summer .
from the top of the beach house we rented we had a bird 's eye view of the waterfront .
the bridge that led up to our beach houses shows how beautiful the trees were surrounding it .
[male] our lab was anticipating his afternoon walk with [male] on the beach .
we took this final shot of ourselves on the beach during our walk . we had a great summer .
yesterday we went out to the lake and rented a boat to row across it .
there were only five boats available .
there were a lot of big houses built around the lake .
we saw this dog in one of the yards .
we had a lot of fun on the lake i hope we can do it again soon .
[male] sat reading his book , relaxing and enjoying the final days of his and [female] 's honeymoon .
he would miss the sprawling beach and calming waters once they returned to the city .
he had so enjoyed their first time kayaking .
the snorkeling was so fun ; he 'd had no idea so much wildlife existed off the coast .
their last day spent , [male] and [female] took one last photo to remember their special weekend by .
we were relaxing in our vacation home over the warm summer .
we had a wonderful view of the clear blue ocean .
after a while of relaxing , we decided to go out and kayak over the water .
we also did a bit of snorkeling .
the day was lovely , and we all had fun together .
the group took a trip to a deserted beach .
they decided to go up the mountain to get a better view .
from the top they could see the full lagoon .
it was truly a beautiful sight .
after the great day they began their walk home .
after hiking all day the group was excited to see water .
it was absolutely breathtaking !
most of the group had never seen anywhere so unique .
the water was so blue !
the white sand was untouched .
ocean islands are amazingly beautiful .
there are truly miracles and beautiful sites everywhere .
around every turn is something breathtaking .
the bluest beaches one has seen .
even the land scenery is amazing .
there was once a sand dune that was super lonely .
and then one day people came .
they admired it 's natural beauty .
the way it 's cliffs jutted out over the water ,
and the way it 's sand was bright and hot from the sun 's light .
the pirate departed the beach , map in hand , to find the fabled buried treasure .
he found the first landmark , the stone hand reaching from the depths .
next , he passed through the eye of wall .
at last , he reached the island where the treasure was hidden .
he stared out across the vast wasteland and gathered his thoughts before traversing toward the x on his map .
i went shopping today and i did n't know i would buy the big blue bottle of detergent .
after i took some time to think if i wanted to buy that i browsed the other items .
should i get powdered gain instead .
on the way out i stopped to get my kids some of the toys out of the quarter machine .
on the way out i saw the fork lift and i thought of all the cool things i could do with that .
getting some fruits , some apples and kiwis .
and some tangerines before going to the beach .
on our way to the beach .
arrived at the beach , no one is there yet .
going for a swim , the water is crystal clear .
i went to the store and purchased some apples .
the oranges looked too good to pass up , so i had to buy some of them too .
as i was driving home , i thought about how beautiful of a day it was .
i decided i had to make a quick stop at the beach .
as i stared at the water , i noticed a pretty flower just floating in the water .
took a trip to the grocery store . needed some supplies .
needed some laundry detergent and some food .
why do they have so many choices .
ca n't leave any store without getting one of these .
what kind of car is that ?
a quick trip to the store was needed for stocking up .
while there , many types of laundry products were considered .
it was decided that gain was the detergent to buy .
as the buyer left the store , they passed by impulse buy machines .
in the parking lot , the buyer noticed a large forklift parked nearby .
for our 50th wedding anniversary we had a gourmet dinner .
then we went to the beach to watch the sunset .
i had to dip my toes in the water .
me and my love watch the sun as we count our blessings .
50 years and we love each other more each day . here is to the next 50 years . i love you !
walking along the shore .
taking a picture of the beautiful sunset .
husband and wife enjoying the sunset together .
then they went to a restaurant to eat a creme brle for desert .
desert was a success .
the old couple had a nice dinner .
after that , they went for a walk .
they took of their shoes to feel the ocean water against their feet .
they stopped for a moment and turned to their left .
they watched the sunset happily .
the couple is walking on the beach .
they are going to go eat afterwards .
the both like fancy food .
these dishes are plated artistically .
the couple enjoys the vibrant visual food .
on our trip to the beach we got to see many nice sunsets .
each night i would bring out my camera and take a photo .
my wife and i love to look at the beach together .
the food we would eat at dinner was delicious .
each meal was prepared for healthiness and tasted great .
our friend is a professional photographer .
he is known for his pictures of bands .
he also takes photos of urban exploration sites .
our favorite pictures from him are his landscape photos .
most of his work comes from portrait pictures .
photography is a great art form .
landscapes make for great photographs .
the artist has a keen eye .
she posed for a picture .
an old tractor makes a great picture .
this camera can take high quality shots .
this field shot was taken with that camera .
the camera can also take black and white pictures .
there is also a portrait mode .
the camera is good for taking shots anywhere .
today my friends and i bought a camera .
we got 5 of the guys together and were going to make a manly film of sorts .
we got a shabby apartment to shoot in . manly .
we found a storm to film . manly .
but [male] , the cameraman , would n't stop filming his girlfriend ...
i bought a new camera over the weekend and wanted to test it out .
i went outdoors and took many pictures of the plains .
i even tried to take some artistic photos .
i asked my friends to pose for me .
i also went inside forests to take pictures .
the view of the island from the shoreline was amazing .
the children were happy to have a beach day .
the man wanted to look cool at the beach .
the man caught a huge fish .
the sailboats were all aligned as they prepared to go out to sea .
this weekend we went on our annual beach trip .
we got lunch at our favorite spot on the beach .
the kids were very excited as usual .
we got up early to see the sail boats on the beach .
overall it was a great trip !
my family and i decided to rent a beach house on a tropical island for a summer getaway vacation .
my two younger brothers played on the beach all day long , making sand castles and tumbling in the ocean waves .
of course , i could n't help but take a picture of myself with the ocean -- it was too beautiful not to !
while we played , we saw some local fishermen making their money for the day .
in the middle of the day , we watched a sailing competition start , which was a lot of fun to view .
the family is relaxing at the lake .
these two kids like the ocean .
dad loves being in the sun .
they caught a fish to eat later .
everyone had a great time at the beach .
i took my family to the beach yesterday .
we had a lot of fun there .
the weather was great .
we found some local fishermen there .
there were some people getting ready to wind surf .
i spent all day walking along the beach .
i wanted to see what i could find .
there were many rocks on the beach .
i got to look at a few of them up close .
they were very old .
we drove to a deserted beach .
it was a perfect day . the sky was bright blue with a few puffy clouds .
there was not another soul in sight .
we saw shells and coral which were exposed at low tide .
we expected shells - but were surprised to see a beautiful green lizard !
our family went to the beach to find our friend smokey the alligator .
smokey has lived on this beach for longer than some of us have been alive .
we usually set this point and follow tracks our father finds towards our friend smokey .
these shells and prints indicated to our dad that smokey is not far off .
finally , we found smokey going for a stroll ! we took pictures from afar and headed back home .
the beach was rocky but gorgeous .
this view was absolutely striking .
these rocks were very interesting and fun to explore .
a few closeups to show their interesting texture .
this one in particular was very unique .
the beach is a great place
there is so much to see
when the tide is coming in animals come around
and there all all kinds of seashells
there was even a lizard
it was a beautiful city on the coast .
the view was spectacular .
the golden dome was beautiful next to the azure sea .
we enjoyed the beautiful old buildings and marvelous ocean vistas .
the best spot of all was the fabulous old cathedral with palm trees in front .
we went to morocco
it was amazing
i am so glad i went there
i hope to go back
it was a great experience
the city has thousands of inhabitants .
the city has been here for hundreds of years .
these buildings are 100 years old .
the main income for the city comes from the sea .
this church is a historic landmark in the coastal city .
the family took it 's vacation to location this year .
this is the view from our hotel .
the city below is magnificent .
the sky could n't be a deeper shade of blue .
after this photo we will go see the sights .
took a trip to location . it 's beautiful here in the summertime .
this is the balcony to my hotel room .
i 'm headed to that buildng .
i 'm on a helicopter .
here i am , almost landing . having a good time .
i was very tired when i got up to the mountain .
it was a long ski walk .
we went for many miles .
everyone was tired .
i had some water to drink .
today was a good day to get away and go skiing .
the slopes were calling our name .
we needed to get a picture before skiing .
the snow was ready to go .
i always practice safety first when skiing .
we finally reached the skiing place .
we put on our gear , ready to set out .
the smooth looking snow looks so pretty .
too bad we had to ski over it .
my buddy looks like he 's not enjoying himself though since he keeps falling .
a lot of people had already left a lot of tracks .
as i moved down the hill , i saw more and more .
at the mid-way point , i even passed a bunch of resting skiers .
but then , the mountain was mine alone .
it was almost night so i made it back just in time , but i never want to forget .
we headed out into the snow .
it was the perfect weather for snow skies .
we got geared up and got to it .
we had a lot of room to work with .
afterwards , we took some pictures and left .
[male] was on his annual skiing trip with his best but [male] .
[male] showed up just a few minutes after [male] did .
they began setting camp up , nightfall was coming very quickly .
once the tents were set up they knew they would have to cook soon .
so they sat around a fire and started setting dinner up .
when i took this picture of us camping , i never knew it was look like art work .
the view of the snow glistening against the water , makes for a breathtaking photo .
as the sun set , we all took some time to enjoy mother nature .
i took some time for some self reflection , and this view helped me to calm down .
the sun is almost set , and it amazes me how , the waters calmed down .
[male] loved cross country skiing .
[female] was having a great time too .
they decided to stop and make camp .
first they pitched the tent .
then they built a fire and sat by it until they went to bed .
a few friends went on a weekend trip to the mountains .
their first activity was going skiing .
after a long day on the slopes , they headed back to their camp site .
they had put up their tents to prepare for a cold night .
at the end of the day , they all gathered around the warm fire and enjoyed each others company .
it was time for a snowy adventure !
i was fully loaded and ready for action !
the snowy scene was just gorgeous !
i passed this wonderful scene and felt wonderful !
at the end of the day the fire was the best part !
this guy played for the whole night at our favorite restaurant .
here is a close up of dom the musician !
my friend was allowed to join in , since it was his birthday !
happy birthday , buddy !
group photo after our fun night out .
we had a great mini vacation . it started with a family party .
there was some nice local wine there .
then we headed over to the beech
the waves were crashing in , it was a beautiful sight .
my wife then wanted to pose with the water in the background , it was a great trip .
our little get together turned out to be quite a turn out .
i really enjoyed playing my guitar for everyone .
we even got a little banging from the tambourine player .
a couple of friends posed to take pictures for memories .
now we are posing together for a last picture together . a picture of best friends forever .
we all got together at [male] [male] 's bar and grill .
[male] decided to show off his mad skills on the guitar
phillipo provided an impromptu vocal cameo .
we reminisced over a glass of red wine .
one group photo for the road .
on the weekends i play my guitar at a local restaurant .
i play many different tunes that my friends sing along to .
here is my friend [male] , he came out to support me .
[male] brought his brother along to hear me play .
here is the entire gang at the end of another great show !
viewing the frozen beach .
we can still have fun in the sun .
frozen , but still romantic .
hard to get a sun tan today .
that is how cold it was .
we had a photo shoot done for our engagement .
i love the way the pictures turned out .
it may have been cold , but our hearts are warm .
this was my absolute favorite picture .
this shot was cool , i love the ice .
i watched a lovely couple exploring the city despite the cold weather .
i asked them if i could take there picture , and they posed for me .
i took the rest of my shots from a distance as they carefully walked on the ice .
although the guy spotted me and posed for another shot .
then they went off into the distance .
a day was spent admiring the city in the winter .
from a chilly beach the couple took a picture of the frozen water .
they meandered along a pier admiring the beauty of the ice .
leaning over the side , the man observed just how solid the icy structure was .
the long , pointed icicles signaled a slow , solemn stream of water droplets .
on our trip to the city we got to enjoy the snow .
my boyfriend and me played around in the snow for hours .
the waterfall had frozen over and we had to be careful not to slip .
my boyfriend leaned over the edge to see what it would look like .
we walked away from the waterfall enjoying our day .
i spent xmas in location location
it was a great time
it was so relaxing
i loved my suite
and the pool was great
i went on a vacation to location location .
the hotel was beautiful .
the city was cleaner than i imagined .
the beaches had beautiful blue water and clear sand .
the climate is perfect for tanning .
i spent christmas at location
my hotel was huge .
the room i got was very nice .
it had a imac and a tv .
i spent a lot of time at the pool .
i decided to take a much needed holiday .
i arrived at my hotel around the afternoon .
my room was luxurious and comfy .
i relaxed on the bed and watched some tv .
i ended up taking my relaxation out by the pool .
a vacation was taken to location beach .
the hotel was located in a very scenic area .
accommodations were quite nice . the beds were very comfy .
the room was well supplied with all manner of gadgets .
once the travelers were settled , they headed to the pool .
we finally took a week 's vacation to visit the sea . here we are by the water .
we heard about this fascinating fort overlooking the water and had to check it out .
a storm rolled in from the ocean threatening to ruin our plans for the evening .
but luck was with us . the skies cleared and the fading clouds brought a beautiful sunset .
the lights from the city came on and i toasted our good fortune , and how wonderful it was to share this place with someone .
time for our romantic boat cruise !
here 's our small craft that ought to take us around the island .
by mid afternoon , we were still very close to shore , and could see the lighthouse .
it 's nightfall , and we still have n't really left the shore area . this boat is slow .
our boat has finally made some headway into the water , and we caught sight of a huge castle !
we wanted to spend some time together here .
the city was built on the edge of the cliff .
the clouds covered the sky .
the sun was beginning to set .
the city seemed to go to sleep after sunset .
we took a vacation together .
the old city was beautiful .
here is a pier to fish from .
the sunset and clouds looks scary .
we drank some wine and put our glowing bracelet around the base .
we made our way out to the dock .
we got in a boat and headed out .
after a whiel , we went back to walk the beach .
we did that till sunset and turned around .
the next morning we continued our adventure .
it was quite an adventure . we ran into a white sea urchin ...
and , this tiny sandcrab , which was as small as your pinky
then we found the black sea urchin , the cousin of the white one .
as we were walking , a crab spotted us and it scuttled off ...
we chased it into the rocks and then went home .
scavenging the beach for sea creatures .
found a tiny sand crab .
a colorful crab climbing a rock .
and scuttling off sideways when disturbed .
and finally a sea urchin found in a tide pool .
we arrived early to begin our day at the beach .
pretty quickly , we even found a tiny sandcrab !
there were also surprising things hidden in the rocks .
the crab we found was probably more afraid of us than we were him .
right before we left , we found a sea urchin that the tide pool had washed up .
my day on the beach was so cool . i found this little prickly thing under my foot , ouch !
this tiny sand crab was attached to my butt cheek ! it pinched me while i was sitting in the sand .
this sea urchin was so lucky to be our lunch . we cracked him open and roasted him over a fire .
this cool little purple crab followed me around . i think he smelled sea urchin on my breath .
i finally snapped a picture of him and told him to stop following me or i 'd eat him next . he stayed back .
i decided to photograph sea creatures .
this was a sandcrab i found .
this crab was looking back at me
this crab seemed scared a bit .
this sea urchin was really amazing .
the couple went to the aquarium .
the saw beautifully colored jellyfish .
some of the fish made the people look like ants .
this guy looked mildly irritated at the audience .
these fish seemed to produce their own light .
the ocean is home to so much life .
from the beautiful blue fish that looks like dory from nemo
to the small yellow fish .
the sea anemone is a species of plant even though it looks like it is alive .
but my very favorite is the beautiful jellyfish .
this is a day trip to an aquarium , where families can come .
you can look through the glass and observe the fish up close .
there are a lot of people in the deep aquarium that come and see the fish .
there are all different kinds of different fish some really big and some small .
the fish and the sea creatures all make a colorful scene for the viewers .
it 's her birthday so he took her to her favorite place , the aquarium .
there were jelly fish .
and large fish that none of us had ever seen .
it seems the fish were just as curious as we were .
but much more colorful .
we went to a local aquarium .
we saw orange jellyfish .
then we saw some schools of bony fish .
there was a huge fish swimming the tank too . he looked mean !
lastly , there were some smaller fish who lived in reefs . they were very colorful !
[male] arrived a little late but made his way to the group .
on the way he passed the tree that [female] told him about .
[female] met [male] in front of the shore to show him where the group was .
they walked and talked about how much fun they had the last time everyone hung out .
the rest of the group was happy that [male] made it safely and ran to greet him .
it was finally starting to feel like fall outside .
the leaves were falling off the trees .
the sun was going down faster .
but being around the lake is nice
fall really is my favorite time of the year .
i went to the beach one evening .
there were some people there .
when it was getting dark people began to leave .
i had a great time hanging out there .
it was getting late so i went back home .
the man was outside exploring the world .
he saw a tree from his childhood and wanted a closer look .
he saw the lake and it reminded him of the trips he used to take there with his grandpa .
he walked around the lake taking in new perspectives .
he enjoyed it a lot and stayed many hours there .
took a trip to a place we called old tree when i was a kid .
this tree brings back memories .
strolling along i can remember a time when we camped and had fun here .
now i come back as a grown up and ca n't wait to bring my family here .
watching all the people play makes me want to get married .
the desert is a brutal place in the summer .
it dries up all vegetation .
it cracks the earth with its heat .
but as in life there is always an oasis .
arms around each other we strolled off . satisfied with what we saw .
i went on a tour around location last weekend .
there was beautiful scenery of many plants and cacti .
there was also a great pond in the middle of the hiking trails .
there was also some great looking trees on the other side of the pond .
i got a great shot of my girlfriend in a sepia color at the pond as well .
we went on a nice anniversary vacation to the desert .
it feels good to be alive around all these dead things .
there were cracks in the ground and my wife got a little scared . i told her it was normal .
finally some water and trees ! we made it out of the desert to a paradise .
it was a great adventure with the one i love the most !
our trip to the desert was really interesting .
we saw tumbleweeds for the first time !
it was amazing to see how dry the ground was .
the palm trees were just gorgeous .
it was a romantic trip for us !
we decided to take a trip to the desert today .
it was extremely hot .
it was so dry that the ground began to crack .
we finally found some water .
we both took many pictures together .
the group was on a roadtrip .
they rented a yellow sports car .
the car was fun to drive .
once they reached their destination they were excited to fish .
[male] caught a fish soon after getting on the boat .
it was a mistake staying up all night and partying before the early morning deep sea fishing trip .
[male] fell asleep late and it was hard to wake him up .
it was so early that it was still dark outside .
they made it on the boat and no one managed to puke the whole way .
the fruit of their spoils , fresh caught fish .
fishing trip with the lads . no girls allowed .
i said no girls allowed ! wait ... [male] ?
well we sent [male] home , he 's obviously feeling a bit [male] jenner , and now we 're ready to turn in for the night ready for a day 's fishing tomorrow .
full steam ahead captain ! there 's some prime fishing waters to the location and we 're ready to plunder the seas of their booty .
that 's right , that 's my fish . it 's the ugliest fish in the world but it 's getting mounted on my wall . oh yeah !
a group of friends decided to take a fishing trip in location .
they drove a beautiful yellow roadster .
although only two of them could fit in the car at one time .
they arrived to the marina as a large ship was being pulled into the ocean .
after the boat was pulled into the ocean , they finally got on the water and caught their first fish .
they almost arrived to the ocean to do some fishing .
then they saw a classic car on the road .
they got in closer for a better look .
after that they finally arrived to the ocean .
they spent the rest of the day fishing in the ocean .
[male] and [male] were unsure of what would happen when they arrived at location location ...
however , [male] quickly found his ray-ban 's , and hit the town .
he met his old friend [male] and they were off .
his camera was quickly stolen by [female] , a high school friend .
who , ended the night with a selfie .
there were lots of people .
some had flowers .
some had sunglasses .
some had mustaches .
and some wore lipstick .
i photographed portraits of the gay couples in my hometown . the first couple was a bi-racial couple who had been together for 5 yers .
the next was a sweet couple who had been together for 12 years .
the next couple told me about how one of them use to be a cop .
the met on the job and they 've been together ever since .
the last couple was a bit more unusual . one of them loved to dress in drag . i learned a lot while doing this project and i hope to learn more in the future .
my boyfriend and i went to a picnic hosted by our friends .
this is [male] .
this is [male] and his significant other . they are a great couple .
our friends [female] and duke were there too .
[female] looking lovely , as always .
the family was taking photos together
and with flowers .
one guy just liked his glasses
but was joined by another .
they were very happy at the end .
we stayed at this hotel while on vacation .
this was the view from our room .
our room was pretty nice .
later in the evening we wandered downtown .
they had some very pretty buildings in the city .
our trip has begun . this is a photo of our room . it is very roomy and spacious . i have really enjoyed it !
this is a photo of the resort . it is stationed in the old city . as you can tell , the resort is an older one .
this is the resort from another view . even though it is old , it is very beautiful and we love it !
this is a tree right outside of the resort . it has been here for years .
this is the road right near the resort . it is very curvy ! i did not like driving on it .
their hotel had retro decor , but it was room and clean , and had modern conveniences such as a flat screen tv .
it was the architecture of the building that really impressed them .
the man could n't help but stare at at the wood doors and pillared roof .
even the trees were perfectly shaped .
their trip would n't have been complete , however , if they had n't traveled down the hill to the gorgeous beach .
the beach in front of the hotel was nice but we needed to check in .
the view back from the hotel was perfect .
w checked in , dropped our bags off and headed out .
we walked down a few streets seeing the sights .
then , we came up to an old building and continued our adventure .
the room was very organized
in the big hotel .
that had many cars in front
and a big tree outside .
there was a winding road nearby .
they had heard great things about [male] 's .
they had to give it a shot .
it was such a happy day .
the rides were calling them .
many prizes were won .
my wife really enjoyed the food on vacation .
i convinced her to take me to this theme park .
my friend and i washed out hands in the fountain .
we used the bridge to get closer to the city 's shoreline .
when we could not find a beach , we took pictures of the water from the bridge .
we took the kids to location location on a bright sunny day . our first stop was the historic [male] 's hot dog stand .
the food was delicious and we even caught our son with far too much in his mouth . a great experience to eat at this original iconic place !
our daughter gave us a great big smile after we told her were we going over to the midway !
the children were very excited once the saw the large location wheel .
the little one even won a pink squirting dolphin for the midway and it matched her outfit !
[male] and his sister [female] love hotdogs . so they always stop and eat at the nathans inside of the amusement park .
they 'd eat all that they could before walking the amusement park walks ways to digest their food before getting on any rides .
[female] stops and smiles after playing a game . [male] snaps her photo .
[male] and [female] get on the big ferris wheel together . the organization wheel is there favorite ride .
lastly , [male] takes a photo of the prize [female] won at one of the games she played . she will hang the prize on her bedroom wall with all the others she won from their previous trips .
the family spent the day at the boardwalk .
they sampled food from several restaurants .
the youngest in the family was having a great time !
her favorite ride was the big ferris wheel .
she won several of the games and kept her new found friend in her pocket .
we , finally arrived at the beach .
the lighthouse in the distance was a great sight .
however , [male] , an action figure , was not prepared for the strong waves that were occurring .
he thought it had settled down and was ready to float away ...
until , he was knocked to the bottom from a strong wave . what a day [male] experienced .
we went to the beach today . no one was there , which was nice .
here is a photo of the waves . look at the beautiful colors in the water .
the light house is isolated here . it is not near the pier or where beach goers usually sit .
do n't worry , i did not put [male] in the water ! this is actually a sculpture that stays on the beach .
i did find some little friends while on my walk . these guys look like they are guarding their turf !
[male] thought the beach was relaxing .
but he thought the lighthouse in the middle of the ocean looked even more serene .
he decided to enjoy a beer in his favorite recliner , while he floated in the water to that relaxing lighthouse .
soon , he fell asleep , dreaming about a night in the quiet lighthouse , away from his nagging wife . he was too drunk to realize he was no longer floating , but instead had been stranded on the sand .
he had n't been napping long , when a big wave pulled him back in the water and splashed him in the face . he slept right through it all . that was the last anyone ever saw of him . it 's rumored he lives in the lighthouse , enjoying the silence .
some really cool drift wood by the beach .
this must have been gas or oil from a spill somewhere .
a neat lighthouse by the beach .
someone had set this blow up doll adrift .
some crabs enjoying the beach like we were .
the tree was on the beach
and there was glass too .
a lighthouse
had a guy in a chair near
with crabs at his feet .
the ducks have taken over the dock . we need to get past them .
off to explore the water and nature . it was exhausting paddling the entire time .
back on shore , we moved the canoes to the water by the cabin .
got back to the cabin to eat some dinner .
found this on my car when i went out to make sure it was locked . guess i ticked off someone .
they went out on the lake in a canoe .
there were other people canoeing as well .
they stopped to take a picture in the shallow water .
they even saw the remains of a tree .
when they returned they had to get the canoe out of the water .
the family took a break from city life and had a vacation in the country . they enjoyed the quiet of the lake .
then father and son went on a canoe ride .
while the other sons were carrying their canoe to the lake .
by the time the other sons arrived at the lake , the father and other son were already done with their ride , so they played in the water while the two boys paddled out into the water .
the family enjoyed being at the lake much more than the town people enjoyed having them their . the locals really just did n't like the way they parked their car .
ducks walking along the dock at the lake .
canoeing through the grass at the edge of the lake .
[male] , [male] , and [male] carrying the canoe out of the water .
[male] and [male] testing out the canoe to make sure they did n't break it .
dad got this note on his car for a bad parking job .
the canoe trip was going quite well
they were in the water
before they decided to go out
when they noticed something
a small sign that was a warning .
we were enjoying the sunset and fell asleep .
as we awoke the next morning ...
we realized we were headed for the dock .
the boat would n't start ; however , [male] continued to attempt to slow the boat .
yet , it was n't enough and we crashed directly into the dock .
beautiful sunset our first night . look how peaceful it is .
the storm a few nights ago washed driftwood and other debris down to in front of our area .
the next morning the sunrise was amazing . gave us a reason to get up .
got all of the debris moved . now we can have dinner .
another beautiful sunset . time to head to bed .
riding down the lakes edge to see what we find .
first was an old building by the side that looked abandoned .
we continued while the sun set down the far side .
we came back across the building again and wondered some more .
as the sun set , we headed back to shore .
we arrived at the lake on friday evening . this is our view from the cabin .
while kayaking , we stumbled upon an abandoned lake house .
we grilled some fish my husband caught and enjoyed the breathtaking view .
i found myself fascinated with this house and attempted to get a closer look .
the weekend ended too quickly and we had to say goodbye to this gorgeous place .
the sunset happened
and showed the ruins .
the concrete had fallen
into the calm water
beside the green trees .
the whole gang got together at the local pizza joint to have a few slices before heading to the beach .
on our way out of the pizza shop jessica pointed out these flowers growing outside of the door .
before long we were at the beach . many of the beach goers were just arriving for the day of fun .
while i waited for the others i took a close up of the entrance sign to the beach .
the girls stood close together for a photo in their new bikini 's .
family having pizza for lunch .
enjoying their pizza .
sisters enjoying the beach and going for a swim .
putting their bathing suits outside to air dry .
no visitors allowed in the hotel rooms .
this is our group when we very first arrived at vacation . we are tired and hungry after all the travelling .
this is one of the flower bushes right outside of the hotel . all the flowers are gorgeous !
our hotel happens to be right on the beach . there is plenty of shopping to do as well as sunbathing .
this is a sign describing the rules of the beach !
a pretty picture of the girls in our group getting ready to sunbathe . we had so much fun !
our family had a get together .
grandma 's plants were flourishing .
the house was a ten minute walk from the beach .
here is a picture of the sign to commemorate .
we sunbathed and swam every day we were there .
spending the day with friends !
saw some pretty bushes !
we are at the beach .
love to spend time here !
had a great day swimming and hanging out !
if you 're ever visiting the reno area , i suggest taking a day trip to location location .
there 's a great night life there , where you can gamble at one of their fabulous casinos .
by the day , you can relax at the lake , which is truly gorgeous this time of year .
they also have quite an eclectic variety of neighborhood shops and souvenir stores .
the locals have a great sense of humor , as evidenced by this traffic sign .
on our way to reno we stopped at location location .
we really enjoyed seeing the huge lake , and natural landscape .
we stopped by some local shops to get a taste of the local culture .
we took in some of the local sites like this fire pit some locals had constructed .
finally it was time to move on to reno , our next stop .
we were ready to start our road trip !
the shop was well decorated with lights .
the view of the lake was breath-taking .
we stopped by the store to purchase books and audio .
we had to smile .
the family went on a road trip together .
their first stop was a lovely restaurant with beautiful lighting .
then , they went out to the lake to look at the beautiful scenery .
after , they went to the book store .
they had to get back on the road after that .
we went to location location last week .
we stayed at a nice lodge .
the view of the lake was awesome . we could see the water and beautiful sky !
at one point , we visited a book and music store for souvenirs .
outside , on a pole we saw a great sign which made us smile ! this was a good vacation !
we drove to the beach to do our work for today .
my son came along too and i scouted the waters before we started .
i decided it was a good day to relax instead and i set up the umbrella .
there was plenty food for us and my son .
later that day , we walked around the beach with our hats .
we visited a far away place .
the whole family came and we were together a lot .
we even saw some local people downtown !
the architechture was amazing .
the whole family had a great time !
i went with my family to visit location this year .
we saw the harbor next to the small village .
i sat on the beach in the sun .
at night we would eat fantastic dinners .
the sea surrounding was a beautiful shade of blue .
we went on a cruise and stopped by small seaside town .
we stopped for lunch is a small restaurant .
after lunch we roam the streets looking at the sights .
we walked around all day long until everyone got tired .
after our walk we sat down to a sunset dinner .
on our way to the beach , we were stopped by a flock of sheep passing in the road .
when we got there , we stopped to check out the boats in the marina .
we finally got to the beach , and it was stunningly beautiful .
later , we went back to the resort for dinner with the kids .
my husband took our oldest and youngest to the overlook to see the tide come in .
the smith family 's summer vacation took them to beautiful location .
there they visited the location location .
the palace is known for its exquisite architecture , and many stairs .
after a few flights of these stairs , the family decided to stop for a photo opportunity .
finally after much climbing , the family made it to the top . the view was breathtaking !
this is where we began our vacation in location . we visited the location location .
many of the buildings are a stunning white color .
the architecture is fascinating .
this long walk way is gorgeous .
we finished the tour of the palace in the gardens . it is amazing how well kept and beautiful they are .
the family went on vacation recently . we all gathered for pictures .
this place was amazing with great architecture .
we toured much of the buildings .
the overlooks from the buildings were great .
outside was even better with all the palm trees .
we arrived as a picturesque location on a beautiful day .
we took a group picture to begin our tour .
we climbed steps that wound around beautiful structures .
along the climb we took another picture .
we were rewarded for out climb with a beautiful view .
we took a trip to the mrigadayan place .
the architecture was amazing inside .
then we followed the stairs up to the top .
after that we came to a long walkway .
the view was breath taking .
hoping to get my portfolio together today . found some awesome scenery .
these trees would look perfect on my livingroom wall .
look at that sunset , it 's orange and yellows make for great pictures .
the trees along this little river make the sky pop .
the dew on the trees make this picture look great .
i recently went to an island to take photography pictures , and i got a beautiful shot of dolphins .
i also got a shot of birds flying over the water .
there were even some wild gazelle wandering around .
the plant life on the island was beautiful as well .
this lone tulip was gorgeous to see .
the dolphins jumped in the sun and it was marvelous .
the birds flew into the deep blue .
there were many animals on the prairie .
the pink flower was moist and had a glow .
it stood very tall and had a unique bend .
the mountain is beautiful .
the trees go up extremely high .
the sunset shines through the clouds .
the sparse lands still looks very lush .
the water droplets hang on for dear life .
my vacation was simply majestic . i saw dolphins leaping out of the sea .
these birds swooped in for a steal .
did this gazelle notice me ? i think he is posing .
the morning dew looked gorgeous on this flower .
this flower leaned towards the light , craving it .
[male] is taking a road trip back to his old school .
he is taking the highway early in the morning .
the sight of the stately buildings brings back memories of his college days .
he drives by the entrance to the engineering school where he spent 5 years .
but his real memories come from seeing the old dormitories . he spent more time there than in those classrooms .
i went to check out a college last weekend .
the student union was huge .
i made sure to see what the dorms were like .
finally i stopped by the administrative office to sign some papers .
it took all day to check out the college but soon enough , we were on our way back home .
i took a road trip this weekend to visit my old college town .
i got there early in the morning just as the sun was coming up .
the old row houses we used to live in looked quiet and cold so early .
the school buildings , too , were deserted .
i turned around in my car and decided to head back home before the sun went down .
[female] was excited to finally get in her car
and get on the road
so she can go back to campus .
she loved her college with all of her heart ,
and was extremely excited to start this new semester .
i took a road trip today .
the roads i took had a lot of twists and turns .
then i came across some old buildings .
after that i came across some beautiful brick buildings .
finally i parked the car and went for a walk .
the sun rose early that morning and i meditated .
then i went to the beach to take pictures of birds .
when i got home , my cat was waiting on the deck for me .
i took her to the beach and then to the pastures .
at the pastures , we both watched these delicate sheep .
after a two hour car trip , we finally arrived for our day at the beach .
the local wildlife greeted us , i think he wanted a french fry .
most of the day was spent fishing , made the family earn their dinner !
here it is ! our first catch of the day !
the sun setting on the horizon was the perfect end to a great day .
it was one hell of a day to go to the beach 15 years ago today .
i saw this lone ranger standing guard over the land to make sure no marine beasts make it to shore .
people were doing their best to make sure they eat as many marine beasts as they could catch , but they could n't match the lone ranger seagull .
lone ranger seagull only had to vanquish one beast on that day , 15 years ago .
some days are a bloodbath for the lone ranger seagull , but this day was nothing compared to the carnage of years past .
location is the perfect getaway for my family .
we got to see a bird perched on a rock in bad weather .
we also befriended a local cat who we now call snookems .
the beach can be cold in the morning .
goats are known to graze the mainland .
we took a trip to the beach to do some fishing on a nice day .
we came across a seagull watching the ocean for fish to eat .
we had really good equipment to do some fishing in the ocean .
we did manage to catch a small fish from the ocean .
at the end of the day the water was so calm and still .
although we arrived at the beach early , a crowd of people was already forming .
close to the shore , the water was rough and you could see white caps .
in the deeper water it was more placid and a beautiful shade of blue .
we had to be careful as we walked along the rocky shoreline , do n't fall in !
there was a pair of salty dogs on the beach , they do n't look too impressed !
seeing the sea side really calms the soul .
deep blue water stretches out towards the beach .
rocks lap up the water from this huge ocean current .
pretty little puppies ask for more food .
so much sand stretching our forever and ever .
our home beach is so beautiful .
the waves bring life to the shore .
the rock formation is so natural .
our dogs love to come to the beach with us .
we are just glad to have the ocean view .
my friends and any dogs went to the beach last week .
the waves were crashing against the shore as we walked the bluff .
further from shore , the ocean looked very calm .
as the tide went out , the crashing of the tide lessened .
at the end of the day , my friends and the dogs were glad for the tides refrain .
our hotel overlooked a large beach .
some areas were choppy and filled with waves .
other parts of the water were quite smooth .
the ocean extended as far as the eye could see .
we saw some cute dogs on the beach as well .
we rode the lift up the mountain .
it kept going up higher and higher , above the town .
we got further away from the town , and could see the mountains .
the view was breath-taking .
what a beautiful way to tour a country !
the view of the clouds from the mountaintops was beautiful .
there was also a very nice beach nearby .
after seeing the beach , we got a great view of the city and the mountains from below .
eventually , we decided to have some fun . there was a very big ladder leading to a zipline .
the view from the zipline was amazing , you could see the whole city from that height .
i took an air tram for the first time today !
it was exciting and scary at the same time .
the view of the city below was magnificent .
the natural beauty of the scenery was majestic high over mountains made of rock and tree .
the last part of the air tram was an scene of the mountains meeting a beautiful hidden mountain lake .
my children wanted to ride the lift .
i told my wife to snap photos on the lift .
we achieved a very high altitude .
when we got really high , the scenery became amazing .
at the top was a genuine view .
we where to go to a rather remote place . much of our travel was on these lifts .
we went so far on the lift that i thought that we would never get off of them .
we got out of the city on the lift . the city looked so good at a distance .
no more city out here . just the remote landscape . it was tranquil .
as we got closer to the water you could see how seer the cliffs where .
we arrived on the island by boat and the harbor was quite a sight .
the view from the shoreline was incredible .
venturing out a little further is nothing but desert , making you forget that the water is nearby .
dont worry thats the good swastika , the one that means good fortune and well being !
back at the beach we set up camp for the night and planned the next days adventure .
there were many nazi structures at the destination that the family decided to visit .
one of them even looked like a temple for worshiping .
there were a lot of boats and ships close by in the water .
after that , we went backpacking in the desert .
finally , we went back to the beach and decided to go wake boarding .
that morning , there we 're many ships in the harbor .
we decided to go to the sandy part of the beach .
we walked in the sand for a few hours .
when we got tl the cemetery , we we 're silent .
the beach was relaxing after the silence .
the little boating village was surprisingly crowded when we got there .
we had to travel for a long time by foot to get to where we where going .
it was a bleak landscape where few things grew high , and the dirt was more like sand .
when we got to here we where so exhausted by our travels .
we camped on the beach for the night . our work would start in the morning .
the family went to tour some historical nazi outposts .
this is the entrance to one of the bunkers .
some fishermen 's boats can be seen in a nearby harbor .
the sand dunes were impressive , so we took off our shoes and ran around .
there was plenty to do on a nearby beach , including paddle boarding !
a bike collector and rider is very excited to show off his new bike .
the collector is very proud of his bike .
he spends a lot of his time travelling on his bike and taking pictures of all of the places he visits , such as this ranch .
here , he takes a picture of his bike next to an old canon .
finally , before going home , he rides to the beach and captures a nice picture of his bike and the beautiful waves .
my bicycle is the best of the bunch , for sure .
thinking bout taking it out for a ride on the beach .
the weather is really perfect for such a bike ride on the beach .
shining through the slats in the boards my only bike shines so bright .
i 'll take pictures of her instead , what a beauty .
in my home , we have a spot for our bikes .
i was looking to sell my oldest bike .
i brought it to the beach to get some nice cover photos .
i parked it be the cannon to give it visible strength .
i even got shots on the dock with my bike .
i have always wanted to bike the county . the one on top is mine .
i took it across the country . i lived my dream and took a pic at one beach .
i went all across the country , and my favorite places where by the water .
i wanted to get a better view of the water with my bike in front . i just remember the cool salty air wafting from the beach .
this is the last moment before i set out of my town . i would not see it for another three months .
my bicycle is my best friend .
i 've had this baby for over five years .
we 've been through a lot together .
i even take her on vacation .
she loves long walks by the shore .
there was a huge fire at the beach yesterday .
the party goers put a lot of wood on the fire .
everyone was dancing .
the fire lasted a long time ago .
i had a great time there .
we had a big bonfire to celebrate summer vacation .
unfortunately it got out of control when someone threw a can of gasoline on it .
i had never seen such a big fire in my life !
it grew more and more out of control and we could not get it extinguished .
it was all fun and games until someone called 911 and the police arrested us all .
i was inside playing a game when i suddenly started to hear a lot of voices gather down the street .
apparently , someone had struck up a fire in a bunch of dry leaves and brush .
the fire raged on , but it did n't seem to be going anywhere , so everyone chatted and watched as it grew larger .
when the fire looked like it was going out of control , people took a step back and notified the police .
by the time the police had arrived to investigate a possible arson , the fire was gone , and no one knew who had started the fire .
fire can be dangerous .
controlled fires can be fun .
you have to be careful around fires regardless of how they came about .
just because a fire is contained ,
it does n't mean you ca n't be burned if you are n't careful .
a fire takes place at the local town .
the fire is very large and orange in color .
the fire gets larger and larger as it continues to burn .
the fire is spreading and someone needs to get it in control .
the cops arrive to instruct people to leave the scene and let the firefighters deal with it .
we headed down to check out the local beach .
it was complete deserted with people but there were plenty of birds
a lot of the seagulls were just relaxing in the water
there were a bunch more by the bridge and in the water .
it was just so nice and peaceful to be there with nature .
today was a great day for walking on the beach .
sun was out but not too hot .
walking the shore there was no one but me and hundreds of seagulls .
getting closer to the pier i could see signs of civilization .
but down here is nothing but peace and relaxation for me .
a look at the birds searching for food around the bridge .
birds flying above the ocean looking for fish .
rocks and sand in the ocean .
a good view of the bridge .
seagulls looking for fish to catch .
birds were feeding .
they flew off if anything else moved .
we hid behind the rocks to watch them .
but i slipped and they heard me .
they flew off but returned in just a few minutes .
when we got to the shore the tide was low .
we were disappointed the tide was so low when we arrived .
we were happy to come across this pier .
the pier reached quite far into the lake .
we decided to go up there and see what we could see .
i went for hike with my brother in location .
we cam across a beautiful shot of the lake just past all the trees .
this is my brother standing on the rocks near the lake .
we eventually made it donw to the beach where the water was pristine .
we posed for a shot in the palms later that day .
the beach was amazing
the jungle was gorgeous
the guys chilled out there
then went for a dip in the lagoon
they headed to shore when word of a sea monster was told
today the guys went out to the beach .
there was a bit of a hike but it was worth it in the end .
the beach was very natural and helped us feel at one with nature .
the sand felt great between our toes .
the best part of our day at the beach was the time we got to cultivate our relationships .
the guys found a trail to walk on .
then we found the coast .
the rocks were smooth .
the beach was beautiful .
we even took pictures next to some palms .
i was having a wonderful time enjoying the outdoors !
the scenery was beautiful and i was having so much fun !
after that , there was a wonderful beach scene !
the ocean looked and felt so peaceful .
the trees and shrubs were so vibrant !
the shopping district held a street party .
to find it just follow the row of stately palm trees .
take a right turn at the hotel with the stone balconies .
there it is ! music and dancing .
look at [male] showing off his dance moves .
this is where people come to have fun on vacation .
there are a lot of people that explore the area .
there is entertainment in the streets during the day and festivals .
the night life here is really fun . there are bands , clubbing and entertainment .
people dance and have fun at the club . this is a place where they can come and let loose .
some of my friends and i went on vacation in a tropical paradise .
the streets were lined with palm trees .
we loved seeing the buildings and the unfamiliar architecture .
some local residents were street performers , and they really made our day .
at night , we kept up the fun but tried to be respectful .
we went on vacation to another country .
there was so many out walking around .
we stopped to watch some street performers .
then we watched a stage show .
after that , we all danced to some music .
busy shopping tourists in location .
here a pretty street view . the building have so much character .
look at that detail on the balcony . such history in this building .
these street performers were great . they took her watch with out her even knowing .
party time ! i am going to regret those shots in the morning .
[female] is spending a day looking over the town where she grew up .
she takes off her sweater and walks on the beach .
the water was part of her growing up . here is the river before it empties into the sea .
she left these docks for boating more times than she could remember .
she ends the day by eating at the place where she was with her family every saturday night .
this is the city skyline of a big city with lots of culture .
there is a city skyline and still nature . the best of both worlds .
this man is visiting the city .
the sunsets here are very nice , calming and beautiful .
the environment and sunset are one of the reasons to go hiking in this area .
we took a vacation down to the beach .
the sand was so soft and white .
we walked down the boardwalks by the water .
then we saw a couple of piers over the water .
after that we stopped at a local restaurant to eat .
my husband took one photo on the first day of vacation and it 's a keeper .
our destinations always include water , we find it very relaxing .
on day three we walked for hours exploring the tourist spots .
we debated taking a boat tour , but it ended up raining .
this turned out to be a great spot to keep dry . the locals were very accommodating !
this lady is taking a trip for her honeymoon .
there were many beautiful areas including this beach .
unfortunately , it was extremely gloomy that day .
there was alot of open land and the sea was wide .
we ended up eating at a local restaurant .
graffiti is an art form . that has an amazing flexibility . some graffiti is a saying that the artist wants to say .
some graffiti is for beauty .
some graffiti is just for fun .
graffiti can ask existential questions .
it can also make political statement . graffiti is a true art form .
we took a stroll around town to look at all the graffiti .
we were tyring to decide if they were in fun .
or , if the graffiti was to make a political statement .
we were unsure what some of the artwork represented .
either way , there are many talented graffiti artists in this town .
our graffiti tour began with large , blue , intertwined letters that looked like the very epitome of 'bold statement ' .
our next stop was for something a bit more cute : a cartoon squirrel surrounded by equally cute , rounded letters .
the third stop of the day was more forward , with the drawing depicting a little girl saying to 'stick it to the man ' .
but not are always as straightforward , as our next destination showed a man with a camera for a head standing behind a woman , who was standing behind a somewhat square looking cat .
finally , to finish it off , we went to a bright red wall , a blue , scarred face in it 's foreground as ghostly faces seemed to float in the distance .
i walked around the city to look at all the artwork .
first i came across a woman 's face spray painted on the wall .
then i came to a cartoon squirrel .
after that i found all kinds of graffiti written on the wall .
finally i came to a political message on the wall .
there was alot of artwork on this street .
there were paintings of male and female characters .
there was also cartoon characters painted also .
this picture was of a symbol of some sort .
there were also paintings of different religious groups and beliefs .
i love the monkeys .
they were by my hotel .
so were these people .
the views were great .
but a little cloudy .
[male] parks his car and goes out to explore location .
he encounter monkeys everywhere .
he even sees a few elephants roaming about .
he heads up to the highest point of the village .
the view from here is amazing .
cars were a rare site on our trip to location but i did manage to see one .
we saw many monkeys playing around the village we trekked to .
the locals lived with elephants and they were considered part of the family .
the homes were a great contrast , some more modern looking and others looked like shack from before world war one .
you could n't beat the sight of the surrounding mountains though , especially in the mornings when it was covered in mist .
this is the rental car we used for our excursion .
we encountered monkeys .
we even saw an elephant in it 's natural environment .
the view of the village was beautiful in it 's own special way .
the mountain horizon was magical to see .
the monkeys were talking
near the wedding building .
where the ladies laughed
and looked at the mountains
that was covered in fog .
they were on vacation , and they first stopped at their hotel .
they looked out at the skyline .
another view from there place showed other houses in the distance .
the went into town and found it was busy .
they went back to there hotel , and had a hammock waiting for them .
we could not believe the beach view we had been blessed with at our home .
i continued to move through the home and it was more and more beautiful ...
and , then we reached the hammock , a surfer 's dream !
once i saw the home , i decided it was time to hit the waves ...
and , i surfed until the night sky moved in .
my father brought me out to one of his favorite places when he was younger . it was a small fishing village .
there , we stayed at a very quaint hostel .
it only had hammocks for bed but that was perfect for me .
he showed me the shop he use to visit while he was there and we rented surfboards .
we spent the rest of the trip surfing .
this was the view down the coastline from our bungalow .
relaxing in the bedroom in the bungalow .
instead of a couch , we had a hammock to relax on .
[male] showing off his large surf board .
[male] proving that he can actually surf .
the people were relaxing
before seeing the awesome sky
along the shore .
lots of people were coming
to lay in the hammock .
[male] went on vacation to a new city .
he went out to investigate his surroundings .
[male] had fun seeing the sights of the town .
he witnessed a beautiful sun set there .
when he got back to his hotel , he realized it was late and time for bed .
it was finally time to leave the drudgery of the office and take a vacation .
[male] was ready for his boating adventure .
he first had to motor past the skyline of the city .
then he went by the coastal mountains .
then , with the open sea in sight , he turned on the lights on the boat and pushed the throttle forward .
i sat and waited patiently to take my trip around the water .
i started the night with a walk .
first i got to see the city sky line .
then i came across a development area .
after the sun was setting , i saw a boat out in the water .
we are on our way to visit this city for a trip .
it was a beautiful sight all around .
here i am posing in front of a famous bridge .
we were here from morning til sunset .
we took many pictures including this one of different pictures and an antique clock .
we had to wake up early in order to catch the boat to the other side of location .
here 's location , looking sleepy as we climb the stairs to view the city .
our beautiful view from across the bay of the city .
looking in other directions , you could see the mountains and activity along the river .
we watched the sun rise from our vantage point on the hill . it was a great start to the day .
race day was off to a good start with more participants than we estimated .
walk or ride , so many of our friends and neighbors participated in this campaign .
everyone helped each other .
turn-out was unprecedented .
thank you to all of our participants .
marathon athletes train for iron man and similarly named competitions for long hours and some train early in the morning or late at night to be able to compete with the best in multiple stage events and those of us that are into this are dedicated to our passion .
the day of the race is a very exciting time for me and i love to size up the competition as they do equipment checks and the like .
the cycling portion of the race is my favorite part and it attracts some of the best athletes in the world so one has to be ready for the challenge because there are plenty to compete against .
family members and lovers of these competitions line the final stages of such events to cheer us on as we try to pull out a win in the end or for some just finish the race and i love the running part .
i do love these competitions but even if they stopped having them , i would still do it because it is my passion and especially cycling which is my favorite .
we watched runners and bicyclists in a race .
everyone was getting ready for the race .
the bicyclists was checking their bikes .
then when the race started everyone went as fast as they could .
some of the runners would wave at us .
the marathon runners were warming up .
people from all over were watching including people watching from their windows .
many of the bikers got their bikes prepared .
they biked across a long bridge in the city .
in the end , everyone was tired .
early start to the biathlon . nice and cool this morning should be great weather for the race .
first wave to hit the bikes . they wont be happy to the that huge up hill at the end .
so small they look like ants from this prospective .
the last of the runners are coming in now .
the winner finishing in strong with a great time .
the trek to location is hot and long .
after finding the right spot , the hike starts .
the sweltering heat makes the going tough .
the break in the dunes tells us that we are close .
and there it is , the salt flats . the place where speed records are broken .
we started our vacation in the mountains of location ...
which , also allowed us access to the salt flats below .
i told [male] , `` let 's jump in the vehicle and drive for a minute.. ''
we did and saw a beautiful mountain view .
[male] said , `` let 's take a picture . '' we did and then went back to the hotel to rest for the night .
the road seemed to go forever as my car broke down .
i started hiking back towards the nearest gas station . the ground was very sandy , which made it take longer .
the surrounding hills looked pretty desolate .
there were some shrubs along the way but they did n't help me with the heat .
for the most part , the land was completely flat . it took me a long time to get to the gas station .
it looks like big sky country .
the mountains , hill , valley , are amazing to look at .
i could look at this view of the mountains for hours .
the mountains look so far away .
the contrasting flat lands looks like a sea of sand .
the road was very long
and went by the mountains .
that had a little grass near them
and lots of sand .
it was a big desert .
at the end of the world , or so the group thought many escaped to the sea .
the group was not large but held together in hopes of rebuilding civilization .
they were stuck in the sea with only the clouds to entertain them .
until one day , they saw a flower on a small island .
they docked their boats and happily started to rebuild .
i saw some boats .
they were in the water .
i was cloudy .
but not too cloudy .
it was a great day .
one summer day we decided to visit the old harbor .
many people were already sailing out on the open water .
the weather was perfect , and the sky was gorgeous .
before boarding , i gathered some pretty flowers for my girlfriend .
we boarded the boat and set off on an adventure .
we decided to spend a day out on a boat .
there were several boats out in the calm water .
the sky was cloudy in a perfect way . not too hot for july .
there were beautifuls flower as part of our lunch table center piece .
i 'll never forget the day or the generosity of our hosts .
the ships are on the shore
and then they leave the dock
on the sunny day .
the flowers are blooming
when the ships come back .
i 've always dreamed of going to location .
my husband suprised me with a trip for our 25 wedding anniversary .
the ocean was so amazing , it looks so different on the location location .
i went for a run in the early morning when no one else was around .
the beauty and majesty of the beach was exilirating .
i love this photo from our vacation
the ocean was so beautiful
this is one of my favorite photos as the water splashes i snapped the photo
look how calm the ocean is in this photo
our last photo from the wonderful journey
the beach 's waves were sturdy .
the sky began to turn grey .
the waves made a big splash against the rocks .
it looked as though it was about to rain .
he walked on the beach after the water began to calm down .
the waves crashed against the island .
this island does not have any inhabitants .
the sounds of the waves was the only noise .
this island was a great place for the photographer .
getting pictures of the ocean was easy from his vantage point .
today was a great day to visit the water .
the water was nice and clam until..
a storm started coming in , then the waves started crashing against the rocks .
after the storm arrived the water calmed down again and we enjoyed the sound the rain made on the water .
the sky became blue and clear after the short summer storm passed .
the couple took their boat out on the lake .
they passed by water skiers .
the water was very calm on this day .
they stayed on the boat to watch the sunset .
at the end the docked the boat and covered it back up .
i love the lake .
the scenery was amazing .
look at all the trees .
the sun was going down .
and it gave me this gift .
the sun was still pretty high in the sky when i decided to hop in my boat .
i drove it around the local river , seeing water skiers along the way .
as the hours went by , the sun started to set and the land started to get really dark .
i saw that the sun was just about the disappear but it gave off such a beautiful glow .
i decided to stop my boat and just sat there , enjoying the view and contemplating life .
looking over the bow of the boat at the lake .
some jet skiers whipping around the lake .
the lake with no one on it , smooth glassy water .
sunset at the lake , nice and calm .
out boat settled in for the night while the sun sets .
the lake was calm for boating
and skiing as well .
the shadows were awesome
during the sunset
when the boating trip ended .
the waterfalls on our hiking tour were phenomenal .
we hiked up the long trail to reach it .
the trees were gorgeous on the trail .
on the other side an oasis awaited .
i could have sat here all day listening to nature .
the fields were beautiful of that day ,
full of lavender colored flowers ,
and lush trees . it gave shade and the breeze from the leaves were something to behold .
the waterfall cascading down the hill , was also beautiful to behold . it was something precious to enjoy .
i could feel the sand in my toes walking in the beach . i thank god for all his precious gifts .
our visit to location began with a visit to multnomah falls .
it 's one of the few year round falls in the state .
we then hiked in the surrounding forests before we drove 2 hours to the beach .
the beach was great because it was n't crowded . it was quite cold though .
we enjoyed how relaxing it was , just listening to the sound of the waves and gulls and having no one else around for miles .
it was suggested that we check out this waterfall on our trip .
i love the rumble of the rushing water .
i was fascinated with the unique moss growing on the trees .
just a short walk from the waterfalls was the beach .
we walked the beach for hours then sat on a blanket for a while .
the bridge was awesome
over the tall waterfall .
there was a lot to see
including the beaches
and the debris on the beach .
i took my family out to the lake last weekend .
we spotted this bird standing on a rock .
my dog got obsessed with the bird .
he sat there watching it until the sun went down .
after the sun went down , it was time to go back home .
the kids had a great time this summer .
we all visited a city .
there was a ton to do .
the kids like the lake best .
they left their mark in the sand .
we arrived at the beach as the sun was setting . we still decided to go play in the water .
while there , we saw a great heron standing on one of the rocks .
our dog wanted to go say hi to it but refused to go into the water .
it just sat there at the end , watching it .
the sky opened up eventually , giving a majestic view of the sunset as we settled down to watch it .
the kids and i went down to the shore .
this is our dog 's friend . we call him long neck . i do n't know what the dog calls him .
he and the dog have been friends for years .
they like to visit as often as possible .
they like to hang out on the pier together .
the girls were playing
near the big skyline .
there were many flowers
before going to the beach
and having a good time .
they had already been on the road for so long .
luckily they found a spot to get some breakfast .
after breakfast they went shopping .
the last stop they made in this town was to fill up the gas tank .
they left and continued on their road trip .
the car trip wore us out .
we made many road side stops to see the attractions .
of course we had to stop for organization organization .
a quick stop to gas up and we were back on the road .
the gas was priced much better this time than the last trip .
we decided to take a road trip with the kids .
we stopped at a location location .
we even visited the shops at [male] boone .
a short trip to the gas station .
then we turned around and went home . it really was n't all that fun .
they were resting for the long day ahead .
certain people must always be remembered .
it was time for a delicious meal .
the sign really stuck out in the night .
even the gas stations had creative names .
the adventure was great
and included a trip to waffle house
where a giant statue was .
the gas was cheap
and the cars were red .
we took a plane ride to our destination .
together , we took group pictures .
my husband and i had a really lively adventure .
we took pictures as an association .
the plane ride was cozy .
i thought my ipad would be useful on the flight ...
however , i was completely wrong . we arrived on time and the fun was ready to commence , just ask [female] ...
we had a drink before we left the airport ...
and , [male] and [female] took a moment for a photo shoot .
once we arrived downtown , [female] drank too much and went home with a local . i hope she remembers this tomorrow !
we all got in a bus and headed out on the road .
we stopped and had some laughs along the way .
we met a lot of cool people .
that first night we partied and had fun .
after we kept on going to our destination .
[female] making a funny face on the bus .
[female] waiting for dinner to get started .
[male] and [male] enjoying a before dinner drink .
[female] and [male] posing for a picture after dinner .
[female] and [male] snuggling before going to sleep .
the woman was very happy
that she had a goofy plush .
they were sharing drinks
and talking
before they hugged .
there were a few kids at the party earlier .
we were playing with chalk and some people got tagged .
we decided to take a group picture when the picnic was done .
my cousin and sister were both happy to be there .
the fireworks in the city that night were impressive .
our neighborhood likes to play games outside .
sides and teams are being picked . i hope to be on the winner .
is this turning into watching or is it about playing ?
finally , the ball comes out of hiding .
with the ball in the air , let the game begin !
the kids were dancing to the music .
the guys showed off their leg art work .
the family posed for a picture together .
the guy and his girlfriend took a picture together .
the fireworks in the town were beautiful .
we spent the weekend with the family .
we do n't get to see them very often .
all the cousins were there .
we played a game of volleyball with a beach ball .
none of us did very well .
we are going to be having fun at a picnic today .
it looks like everyone is here so we can get going .
here we are with all of our friends .
i hope someone will be able to catch the ball .
ready or not here comes the ball .
we were excited to finally arrive at the airport in location .
one of the natives taught my son the importance of sunscreen upon arriving at the polynesian center .
the polynesians danced beautifully for the parade .
my sons especially enjoyed the waterfalls !
afterwards , we made our way to the beach and my sons had a great time with dad .
we took a family vacation to location .
the kids had a great time learning to fish on the pier .
the hula dancers put on a spectacular show for all the guests at the hotel .
afterwards , one of the dancers gave lessons to the guests on how to dance the hula .
the beaches were so beautiful and we enjoyed having fun in the water . it was one of the most memorable vacations ever .
when the family went on vacation , their first stop was a store . they were surprised to see a bird on display .
next they saw an island native getting ready for a show . he put a tattoo on the girl to show she was a member of his tribe .
then he danced for the tourists with other dancers .
after the show , the kids relaxed by a waterfall .
the day was complete when dad took the kids wading in the ocean .
the kids enjoyed looking at the parrot .
a friend covers the kid with sunscreen .
a tribe dances for the audience .
the kids sat in front of the waterfall .
lastly , we all took a trip to the beach .
the family took a trip to location .
they got some temporary tattoos .
then they watched some dancers perform by the water .
they found a small water fall close by .
after that they all took a trip to the beach .
along the beach , i found this bird and snapped a picture .
the tracks were nearby and i wanted to get a view of them too .
i walked back to the beach were the stones were .
from the stones , this green shrub was standing strong .
i thought this stone structure was just as interesting as the shrub .
a sign stands alone along this silent beach .
pavement along the walk way , going to our destination .
so any people have stood here , looking out over this vast distance .
something interesting we came along walking the beach .
through the trees , the beach stays the same after all these years .
the seagull perched on a log that looked like a beached sea monster .
we 'd taken an old train to get to the beach early that day .
there were mostly smooth stones along the shore .
on the ride to the beach , though , we 'd seen many interesting plants .
on the beach itself , some of the piles made us contemplate our existence and place in the universe .
i had a feeling this seagull was a very talented photographer , so i attached a camera to it 's face .
man was i right , seagull took this great picture of some train tracks by the beach .
seagull spent most of his time by the beach , but it took some great photos of the water .
this was one of the most interesting plants i 've seen , good thing seagull snapped a picture .
last of all was this great photo of some stacked rocks which seagull saw a great opportunity to practice his framing .
today we took a road trip across location .
we took highway 63 which was n't far from the beach .
we found some amazing overlooks that had a wonderful view .
we did stop to get a look at an old mile marker along the highway .
as the sun was setting we just watched the waves come in from the ocean .
lady taking pictures in the grass at night .
then she takes a picture with another female in a boat next to the ocean .
she takes another one next to a rock .
also another in the ocean , standing in the water .
then one final one in the sand .
this photo shoot was so much fun !
the models were excellent .
i loved the designer clothing we were trying to express .
the boat as a prop was super fun .
this dress in particular was my favorite .
havina is rocking a green top for her glamor shots .
jamille looks sexy in her yellow hood .
havina prefers wooded areas for her pictures . here she is in a formal look .
havina and jamille decide to take a photo together , since they are paying half each on the photo shoot .
one more picture of location by the ocean before we head back .
she never dreamed she would grow up to be a model .
a tall skinny kid everyone made fun of .
now she was considered a natural beauty .
she loved the camera .
and the camera loved her .
i hired some models to showcase my dress designs .
i 'm hoping to generate more traffic to my website .
the models did n't charge much , they know i 'm a recent graduate .
they were very impressed with my dress designs .
i 'm confident these photos will lead to some sales .
the fog rolls in on the location location .
like a cat it creeps up the bridge .
rising swiftly trying to get to the top .
it begins to swallow up the bridge .
and just like that ... it is gone .
on their way into town , some people saw a large amount of fog on the bridge .
from some angles , it appeared to engulf the entire structure .
even from far away , the dense ground cloud formation was visible .
it stayed for quite a while , despite it being an otherwise sunny day .
it was a weather phenomenon that few people get to see on such a beautiful day .
in location location for a lovely vacation and got a little extra .
the scary fog rolled in .
i thought it was a fire at first but the locals say this is normal fog .
i had to travel this bridge and was scared to death .
i got over it just fine and the fog melted away .
while out for my morning run i noticed that the fog was coming in over the location location bridge .
i decided to stay and watch the fog .
it was amazing how quickly it rolled in .
the fog became so thick around the bridge it was hard to tell it was there anymore .
i wonder what it would be like to be on the bridge , trying to look out through the fog .
the bridge was long
and had clouds around it .
it looked very cool
with all the mist
and clouds .
at sunrise , we awoke at our beach cottage .
we rode horses up the mountain .
the sunlight was beautiful coming through the trees .
we came across a lovely pond .
we were surprised to find that it opened up into a huge lake !
this is winter time in location .
the lake was starting to freeze .
the grass was dying and the trees were bare .
you can see a couple of people or animals swimming in the water .
there was some type of aircraft in the sky but it does n't appear to be a plane .
my day started at the shore but i was in the mood for a hike .
i ended up in a pasture a few miles away .
it was chilly but the sun was shining brightly .
spring took so long to get here .
some ice is still not completely gone .
on my day off i took a hike .
the water was partially frozen .
this tree looked barren but so beautiful .
i walked over to the ocean . there was a cool breeze but it was worth it to behold the beauty .
the sky turned a clear blue and this airplane made a neat trail through the sky .
sometimes there is nothing better than sitting outside and enjoying the sunset .
that 's especially after a long day of activities , including horseback riding .
we also hiked for about two hours through the woods .
the hiking was a little boring , but we did find some really interesting sites .
it was hot so i wanted to take a dip in the water , but was advised not to .
i recently discovered nagendra mayya photography .
it was perfect for purchasing pictures for travel articles i was writing .
the site has a lot of wonderful outdoor images .
the price per image is quite reasonable .
with so many beautiful ones to choose from , my job just got a lot easier .
you can see in the distance the hotel we stayed at for vacation .
which absolutely paled in comparison to the beach .
i could n't resist taking pictures of the scenery .
this beach was beautiful and secluded , but the stones forced one to wear shoes .
look at how lovely the sunset was !
we set out early in the morning for the island .
when we got there it was filled with white sand .
the beach was warm and sunny
as the day grew later it was time to go so we got back aboard the fairy .
the sunset over the ocean was beautiful on the ride home .
vacationing here is really awesome . beautiful sea water .
the beaches is beautiful also . breeze feels good .
family decided to take photos of different sites for memories .
beautiful picture of sea rolling in with different shells landing on island .
an awesome look across the the midnight blue sky against the water .
the ocean was clear and calm .
the beach ahead was filled with people .
the shore had tiny pebbles on it .
[male] was waiting to get off the boat for his much needed shore leave .
but the weather was starting to turn .
it was a beautiful sunset at the beach today .
i had a great time .
there were many beautiful plants there as well .
we stayed until the sun completely set .
after it got dark we began the drive back home .
from sun up to sun down , these awesome scenic photos were taken .
this flower was absolutely stunning .
i just loved the canoes docked on the shore .
the sun set over the ocean is always my favorite .
this was a fun capture with the boat on the water .
i saw the most beautiful sunrise this morning .
i took a picture of ti and published it on my website .
i stayed out for the morning and captured some beautiful flowers as well .
i walked around the shore til sunset .
the next morning , the sunrise and as perfect as the day 's before .
i went on a family vacation last week to the beach .
the flowers on the beach were so fragrant and unusual .
my family and i went kayaking in the ocean .
i stayed up extra late to watch the sunset over the ocean .
and woke up extra early to watch the sun rise .
i decided to take many pictures together for my album .
i took pictures of many flowers .
i was also able to take pictures of the beautiful sky .
i was lucky enough to capture the giant sun .
i stayed there taking pictures from morning until night .
the animals on the asian beach is interesting .
there was monkeys too .
the bugs are very interesting .
the water is a nice attraction .
time to prepare dinner .
landed in a beautiful asian town .
visiting and found deers eating by the water .
also spotted a monkey .
and a spider in its web .
for lunch went to a street vendor cooking meals for his customers .
our trip to location was simply amazing !
we saw some amazing animals .
the monkeys were my favorite .
some of the bugs were pretty crazy .
we enjoyed a traditional meal after our day spent outside .
we started by seeing the local wildlife .
the monkeys where everywhere .
after a few more pictures we moved on .
we saw the bay and got hungry .
so we stopped of at a local restaurant .
a trip to location offered all sorts of chances to experience local culture .
giraffes were available to view and they entertained all the spectators .
also native to the area were a species of red-faced monkeys .
spiders populated many of the nearby plants and wooded structures .
following an exploration of the area , local cuisine was sampled .
we had to pay close attention to the signs to get to our destination .
we spent about two hours driving on the road .
when we arrived at the beach , we noted the tide was a little high .
i got out to take a solo picture .
then i took a picture with my mentor on this amazing day .
taking off on our first vacation without any children . i finally get to go to the mountains .
we decided to take the long route to our cabin .
based on the signs ahead , i think we have gotten lost .
driving along the mountain is breathtaking , i hope we can find our way .
we finally made it to the cabin and the view from the back porch is absolutely amazing .
[male] and [male] were on a roadtrip .
the loved seeing all of the sprawling wilderness .
once they finally reached the coast they decided to go down to the beach .
[male] loved the ocean .
the pair decided they would go on another roadtrip as soon as they could .
we took a trip to the location location coast .
it was n't quite spring yet .
the wind was cold on the coastline .
the sky and waves were almost the same color .
we were the only ones on the beach .
we got in the car and headed out .
we hit the highway and drove for a while
we then found our exit .
we took the road a ways till we got to our destination .
going out to the mountains was worth it .
the photographers set off to walk the nature trail .
they took several photos of the plants .
along the way they climbed up a big rock .
the flowers in garden were in bloom .
they were excited to get a close up of a strange looking plant .
we went on a hike to get some nature pictures .
i made a remark about [male] being a professional photographer .
[male] , who is a professional photographer , took offense to that remark .
both of them climbed to some crazy places in order to get the shots they wanted .
all that climbing and they photographed rocks ?
we were on our way to find some rare flowers . some of us were not happy to be up so early .
others enjoyed it and was very happy .
along the way , we climbed some beautiful rock formations .
we found some common flowers but they were still beautiful .
we were finally rewarded with a rare plant after a few hours .
we headed out with our cameras to take some nature pictures .
we tool the trail toward the coast .
we came out at the coast and enjoyed the view .
in the bushes where some amazing flowers .
weird fungus grew throughout . it was an experience .
the guy was looking around
while they were taking photos .
the rock was giant
and the flowers were pretty
on this beautiful day .
they played frisbee on the field in the afternoon .
the weather started to turn which ended their outdoor games .
it snowed all the way down to the beach .
they went back into the cabin where they were staying to relax in front of a fire .
once the ice on the road started to melt they were able to continue their travels .
we threw the frisbee today .
i was throwing well .
[male] kept throwing it over me head .
i was throwing it strait to him .
every now and then he would throw one i could barely reach .
we were playing ultimate frisbee when the storm hit .
at first , it was just a light dusting of snow .
it picked up quickly though and soon the heavy winds blew the snow everywhere .
it covered the house and ground for the whole day and well into the night .
in the morning , the temperature rose a bit and it started to melt .
[female] making a daring catch on the trip .
the shore of the lake by the cabin we stayed in .
the tiny wave from the snowstorm .
this was one of the cabins we stayed at , small but nice .
the dirt road was the only way to the cabins .
the guy was running
before it started snowing .
the snow upset the water
and covered the houses
before the water calmed down again .
many tourists like to come to this area because of its natural beauty .
the area has nice looking green hills that would remind people of sound of music movie location . in addition , the area has very clean beach .
you may encounter wild mushrooms when you go hiking but you must be careful not to eat them since they could be poisonous .
people would usually spend hours walking and hiking .
at the end of their little adventure , tourists and local people would go to an ice cream parlor to treat themselves .
road trips are the best .
i sleep most of the time .
we pulled a trailer so i could rest better .
some of the group decided to walk .
we actually found what we had come for .
on our trip out to the country we saw many interesting things .
the cliffs and the seashore were breathtaking .
my sister found some interesting mushrooms , but we were afraid to pick any up .
she and i took a long hike along the cliffs . i was afraid to look down !
finally we came back to town and had ice cream sundaes to celebrate a perfect day .
the beach created a beautiful view .
some of us got pretty tired from the trip .
we made sure to get a car to fit everything we need .
the path kept us going in the right direction .
we stopped for a little snack too .
we went on a beach vacation !
though some of us had a hard time waking up .
but once we were all packed up and ready to go .
we had a fantastic adventure .
that ended with ice cream !
we went to the beach today .
there were a couple of birds in the sky .
more birds started to appear .
soon there were birds everywhere .
we think they all nest on this rock in the water .
she decided she needed to get away for the day .
a day out doors was just what she needed .
the beach was lovely and clear .
eventually she had to return home to the city .
the refreshing day off made her see things with more appreciation .
we decided to walk along the beach .
when we got there , birds where everywhere .
they where mostly diving and catching fish .
we cleared some space between us and the shore to get away from them all .
we then neared a large rock and kept toward it .
the family took a trip to the beach .
while there they saw some really interesting birds in the air .
the birds then landed in the water to looking for fish .
after they landed in the water , some of their friends showed up .
while looking at the birds they noticed a uniquely shaped rock .
the shore was calm
while the birds flew over .
the trees were very green
when more birds came
near the giant rock .
the scene was something to behold from my window .
the sunrise was glod and orange gave me feel relax and at piece with myself .
i could see from where [ was standing the small beach .
i went down to walk and get some fresh air and clear my mind .
i found the most unique building today it turns out to be a resturant .
the hotel was a nice get away but he wanted to go out .
the view of the beach was calling him .
he went to spend some relaxing time near the water .
he even found some informational signs about the area .
with so many places how would he decide which way to go ?
this is the lovely hotel we stayed in while vacationing .
this was the view we had from our balcony .
once we settled our belongings in our room , we took a stroll .
we had time before dinner to hit a few local attractions .
this one was my favorite . i had never seen such an elaborate home for goats .
here 's where we stayed on our vacation .
this is the view from our first floor balcony .
we went on a hike after we were directed to the best views .
my husband posed on shore where we rested for a bit .
we found a this unique structure by accident .
the hotel was very tall
along the beach .
the guy was looking at the rocks
and a map
near the big sign .
our house is the larger brick house , next to the white house .
the area where we live is near a lake .
this is the fence that acts as a guardrail , near our house .
the shallow mountains are located to the other side of the lake .
this is picture of my car , parked near our house , overlooking the lake .
my grandparents let me use their waterfront property for the weekend .
while many people my age might be throwing a party , i was excited just to get away from it all .
i enjoyed the breath taking views .
i communed with nature .
i reconnected with who i am and got a fair bit of writing done too .
my grandparents live in a house on a hill overlooking an inlet of the ocean .
their town sits right next to the water .
they have a nice lawn , which they pay a neighbor to maintain .
the best part is that they have spectacular views from their house .
we parked and sat for a while just to look out over the water .
we visited our friend that lives by the ocean .
the neighborhood he lives by is beautiful .
the ocean is so calm and blue .
then we stopped to look at the green trees by the water .
after that we took the car down to the water .
this house was put up for sale by the owner .
looking from the inside , you can see that there is a beautiful view .
you can see the vast mountains and see from the window .
there are also many trees around the area .
you 're also able to park by the grass area if you want to sit down .
location location location on a saturday morning was a great place for two fluffy dogs to cool down .
they found a nice shady place near the sand but not on the sand . so their coats stayed nice and clean .
the two found watching people very relaxing . they saw a dad with twin daughters taking a stroll .
they saw a man having trouble deciding which hanging candle holder suited him best . the dogs thought they looked all the same , because they see in black and white .
the dogs particularly enjoyed the street musician on roller blades , he could play his instrument , sing and skate fast . they appreciated the skill that took . after a nap the two dogs sauntered home .
this area is notorious for their scenery and beautiful leisure spots .
there is biking along the coast that you can participate in .
a lot of families come and spend their vacation .
the beaches are filled with people .
the little shops and tourist shops are packed and have great little food and markets .
the sign outside the location location pier just made us all the more excited to go inside .
it was n't only people who seemed to be enjoying themselves either , as we saw two dogs relaxing against some posts .
further on the beach , we even saw a man walking with his two twin daughters , both of them in matching dresses .
then it was time to buy some souvenirs , so we looked at some hanging candle shops .
we got a good laugh once we saw the 'no bicycles ' sign when we saw a man bending the rules in some roller skates .
we took a family to the location location location .
first we saw some dogs just enjoying the day .
dad took a walk with the twin girls .
then we saw street vendors selling artwork .
after that we watched some street performers .
this is a beautiful day in the city .
many people were out and about .
different families were out having fun and bonding .
there were also people selling items on the side of the street .
it was extremely sunny and hot that day .
this is the path that i usually take to go to the shopping center .
this is my neighbor and his daughter doing remodeling work .
this is a picture i that i 've attached to my wall .
there 's a lake near where i live , where we sometimes go to feed the duck or some catch fish .
this is the house where i live , taken during the winter time .
life has continued on it 's journey after your death . people still hustle and bustle .
mr. conche is trying to renovate his building , but i do n't think little [female] has much patience for that .
sylvio had a baby girl .
it seems only your mom has n't been the same .
and certainly not me . [female] misses her father .
in the olden days , people had to walk everywhere .
they also had to do a lot of manual labor ,
but they did get to enjoy the fruits of their labor .
many buildings were made out of stone and probably structurally unsafe ,
but they still enjoyed their lives and were none the wiser .
we took some pictures in our neighborhood .
the little girl watched her dad shovel rocks off the sidewalk .
then we came across a lady hold a baby .
after that we came to a woman in a black hat and coat .
at the end of the day it began to snow .
this country was extremely poor and old .
many people had lower end jobs including street cleaning .
this woman was on the streets without a home and only her newborn .
this woman is one of the luckier rich people in the area .
this is also another rich lady with her child enjoying the snow .
the dog was excited to be out of the house and hoped they would go somewhere in the car .
they did get in the car and he was so excited !
the first stop was to pick up some food to go .
he wondered as she ate on the beach if she would share .
would she ?
mac is my best friend .
he travels with me wherever i go .
he loves running on the beach .
we both sat listening to the sounds .
eating the lunch i packed for us .
this is [male] . he 's waiting for his human buddy to take him out on a trip .
he got in the car and waited patiently , excited to find out what the plans for the day were .
his human buddy parked the car and got out . a few minutes later she came back with a bag of food that smelled delicious .
his human buddy brought him and that bag of food to the beach and started eating . [male] stared at her , waiting patiently for his turn to get a bite .
he waited and waited , and waited some more . he stared in disbelief as she ate the very last bite . she had n't shared any of it . [male] realized that his human buddy was quite selfish .
i decided to take the dog out to the beach .
he got in the car and we drove there .
i let him out let him stretch his legs .
we had some food and enjoyed the day .
we finished up and left for our next destination .
the dog was curious
where they were going
when it noticed the sign
and wanted some food .
it was a curious dog .
the sun was very bright at high in the sky .
using the map , i found my way to the closest deck .
the deck gave me a new perspective of the water .
there were a few rocks and spots of grass and dirt .
regardless , i was able to enjoy my experience with a safe rail for my protection .
i 've just arrived at the ocean scenic viewpoint .
tourists observe wildlife from the deck .
pictures are carefully being taken .
the seals seem to be incredibly friendly .
the beach is alive with seals who are content in the mud .
[male] was enjoying his oceanside tour .
the tourgroup could smell the ocean .
they wondered why they could n't go out closer to the sea .
the manatees hung out on this beach .
[male] gave this manatee a nickname .
this is a picture of a sunny sky .
this is a picture of a sign .
this is a picture of a shore .
this is a picture of the ocean .
this is a picture of the bridge .
we went to the alaskan coast on vacation .
even in summer it was a bit cold .
we watched the sea lions .
they would sunbath on the beach .
a couple of them noticed us watching .
we went on a family vacation this weekend .
it was on a beach and it was beautiful weather that day .
there was even some grilling and great food .
we relaxed that night at my home .
we even saw a rainbow to end the beautiful day with .
[male] and [female] love hanging with their friends .
[male] and his brother are best friends .
same and [female] get along great with her sisters as well .
[male] and [male] relaxed by the ocean on the beach .
the end of this wonderful day was a rainbow .
the group of friends decided to get together for a vacation of fun in the sun .
there were tropical drinks and sandy beaches .
they could n't help but have an amazing time .
they even had picnics out on the beach .
a rainbow symbolized the perfect end to the perfect trip .
the weather today was great !
we lined up to try the food .
the barbecue came out really well .
puppy had a long day .
at the end , we saw a rainbow .
our family reunion was so fun .
the guys had a good time bonding .
we snapped lots of pictures together .
the beach is where we spent the afternoons .
this rainbow seemed to greet us .
her parents took her on vacation for her birthday .
she was excited to see the dolphins .
the biggest surprise was when she was able to go swimming with them .
she had a lot of fun bonding with them .
at the end of it all though she was happy to be home and reunited with her cat .
welcome to sea world , the home of the twin dolphins , among other things .
if you choose to swim with the dolphins you wo n't regret it , just do n't be afraid of them and they wo n't be afraid of you .
remember to pet them very gently , so they get a chance to warm up to you .
our newest addition of wildlife are our fabulous exotic parrots - [female] want a cracker ?
beep , beep , beep , got to keep moving along .
took my daughter on a trip to the location location .
she insisted on seeing the dolphins at a water park .
for only a small fee , she was able to pet the dolphins .
they seemed to like her too , and came over to rest their chins on her arms .
despite the fine time with the sea creatures , she was very happy to come back to her cat clancy .
before heading to our destination we were able to view the beautiful city .
when we got to the aquarium the dolphins were ready to put on a show .
mom let me swim with the dolphins .
they were the most beautiful creatures i have ever seen .
but getting back home to my pet cat was the highlight of my day .
went to the seaside animal show today . these are friendly dolphins .
i even got to ride one . it was fun .
they did a demonstration of where to hold on to the dolphin so he will pull you .
this was a funny parrot , he can roller skate and do tricks .
here is one of them , he 's riding a motorcycle .
it was a day to enjoy the sea .
many others had the same idea .
every bend had something new to explore .
even the dogs got involved .
the sunset capped the day off nicely .
my daughter and i came to watch the sailboat races .
the masts are tall and have long sails .
photographers gather to capture the views .
the race has begun , and the sailboats are taking up a mild wind .
it 's a matter of which team will master the elements to win the competition .
it was her first time visiting a beach .
the pirate ships sailing past us kept her occupied the entire time .
she was so excited to see the large ships .
now she thinks every time we go to the beach , she 'll see pirates .
that fact gets me a little worried .
the location location location is a 50 berth public marina and located in location .
the marina is an integral feature of the luxurious and exclusive senibong cove homes .
it is nestled in a safe , protected basin at the mouth organization organization .
a cruise in these parts will yield a lot of stunning visuals - including this funny one .
who will not be willing to part with a million bucks for this titanic-like visual of the starboard ?
the day was beautiful so the family took the dog and went to the water for the day .
they saw the old boats out on the water and wished they could get on one .
they went along the shore in search of shells .
they threw the toy for the dog into the water so he could swim for while .
they all sat together and enjoyed the sunset after a great family day .
my girl here decided we should go on a trip so we piled in the car and away we went .
along the way we snapped picture after picture because we fancy ourselves as photographers and also because we were bored from what you are seeing in this picture .
it was a very long drive and she started taking pictures of what looks like a pasture of cows so i started taking a picture of her taking a picture of a pasture of cows so that tells you how the trip is going .
we finally see some buildings and some people that have fanny packs on turned toward the front with what looks like cameras like us so right away i knew we had to be looking at tourists so i took a picture because that is just how i am .
finally we saw some water and wide open spaces so we got out of our transport vehicle and walked toward the water , stayed a while , took some pictures and then walked back with this last shot being taken before going home with our trip done .
time for a road trip .
i do n't even know if i can pronounce the place i 'm going .
we hit the road in my little high mpg car .
finally , we made it to the beach .
there were para-sailors there when we arrived .
the roadtrip had taken 12 hours .
the group was driving out to stay by the ocean
they could n't wait to get out of their car to strech their muscles .
once they got to the sea they knew the drive was worth it .
the salty air was refreshing after such a long drive .
so happy to be getting on the bus for our tour of the countryside .
first we spotted a beautiful tree grove to one side of the bus .
next we spotted some cows in the distance .
there is a couple of tourists taking photos of some country homes .
and some people having fun in the wildflowers leading down to the water .
this is what the road looked like in our travels .
we were inspired by the brochure to travel .
this is one of the cars we have seen on the road .
the weather was not perfect for the occasion .
however , we saw this person paragliding .
location location is a very lovely place to visit this time of year , while everything is so green and the students are n't out of school yet .
i 'm sure you 'll find the architecture to be quite interesting .
the shorelines here are calm and serene , surrounded by lush green mountains .
in this closeup of the mountains , you can see how dense and fertile the grass is .
do n't forget to visit the museum , located near the beach entrance .
i 've always been a world war ii buff , so when the opportunity to visit location and see where d-day took place came up , i jumped on it .
i stared at the trees as we drove there , thinking about what they might have been witness to on that day , more than a half-century ago .
when we arrived , there was a sign that noted where we stood .
the beach looked so serene to me . i could n't imagine this being the place where so much death and destruction took place .
as one final leg of the trip , i went to see the location 's memorial cemetery . it was so moving to see all of those crosses standing .
as i approached the beach , i noticed the sign at the entrance .
the first monument i came across was the pyramid shape .
the beach was very beautiful and rather empty considering the time of day .
back from the beach , the grassy field was equally impressive .
through my tour of the beach , i also saw this wonderful monument surrounded by pillars .
the sign was prepared so that i could see the information .
there was an interesting pyramid outside the resort .
the beach was moist by the shoreline .
there was a lovely beach and i could see the waters .
the statue in front was brilliant and i respected it .
she decided to spend the day at location location .
there were some very interesting sculptures .
she walked along the beach for quite a while and found long stretches with seashells along the edge .
the grass near the beach was very lush and green .
she spent some time at one final sculpture area before she headed home .
we went to travel to another country to sightsee .
first we went to a museum .
then we went on a boat ride to smell the fresh air .
we even went horseriding at the beach .
then we ended the night with beautiful fireworks .
going horse bike riding on the beach .
going on top of the hill .
looking at the waves crashing on the sand .
standing on top a roof .
watching the sun setting .
here 's the street where we stayed during our visit .
we stopped by the local store and viewed the collectibles .
the boats passed through the dock .
horses on the beach .
fireworks in the night sky .
its always nice to go horseback riding on th3 beach .
there are very few people on the beach today .
the waves are getting more aggressive as the night comes .
all the greenery is gone .
all you see are hills and mountains from here .
i could n't help but giggle at this .
i went to a museum .
i took a boat cruise in the evening .
i also took a horseback riding trip .
i came back in time for the fireworks .
we did not see many seagulls when we went to the beach , just one or two .
this is a photograph of my friend , standing by the sea .
there was a small number of houses along the beach .
this is the sidewalk we took , after walking on the beach , to go to a restaurant .
this is the bridge we had to cross to get to the sea side .
i went to the beach in the morning yesterday .
about noon , the tide started to go out .
after the tide went out , it exposed interesting shapes in the sand .
i could n't believe how far the water moved away from the beach .
a few hours later , the water started to return to the beach .
i took at trip to the beach today .
the day was so beautiful to go for a walk .
then i noticed the wind was blowing the water pretty hard .
after that , i saw that i was alone on the beach .
i stayed and watch the sun go down .
there is something very restoring about a walk on the beach .
the rippled sand is endlessly fascinating to me .
i look out as the water hits the sane and truly relax .
i love the open expanses .
the light hitting the water is a new piece of artwork every minute . i need my beach walks to survive .
stroll at the beach before we head to the airport .
the tide coming in . so sad vacation is ending .
last view of the beach houses here in the keys .
soon we will be back to reality . next trip back cant come fast enough .
well at least the traffic was n't bad .
i brought my son to the beach .
my wife just watched and smiled .
i played football with my son to keep him active .
on our way home , he told his friends he had a great time .
before we got home , we stopped to honor the flag .
as soon as we got to the beach the kids went straight to play in the water .
looking around there was a fair number of people at the beach , but not too crowded .
he claims he got stung on the foot by a jelly fish but i think he is making it up for attention .
it is important to stay hydrated when playing in the sun all day .
the surrounding landscape was beautiful , i wish i owned one of those boats !
the immigrant boy looked mean and angry .
his mom , sitting comfortably on the beach , told him to just chill out .
his father took no notice , instead playing throw with someone else 's child .
unobserved , a mysterious man checked his phone .
old glory waved in the wind ; it was going to be a 4th no one would ever forget .
we brought our son to the beach last sunday only to have him challenge everyone around to a fight to the death .
luckly for them , nobody came to meet their maker .
i once broke my foot after trying to meet my son 's challenge , but the scars have healed well .
he usually stays so hydrated at the beach , which makes him even more of an unstoppable force of nature .
after i took that last photo , he took my camera and threw it into the air , only to have it take a perfect aerial photo of a nearby park .
today we took a family vacation to the beach and had so much fun .
mom managed to get some sun sitting on the beach .
dad decided to throw a football around on the beach .
our cell phones did n't have any reception on the beach .
today was such a beautiful day to be outside .
i went to the beach with my brother yesterday .
it was a wonderfully comfortable day where the temperatures were great .
we met up with some more friends and decieded to do some candid shots .
this was my favoraite shot , it was tough to get everyone in the air .
just as the sun set we all took one last swim in the great water .
my friends and i went to the beach yesterday .
the guys were acting crazy and i got a picture of them .
the water was cold but felt good because the weather was so hot .
my boyfriend and i needed this time away from work and obligations .
the gorgeous sunset was the best ending to a great day !
we took the boys to the beach for the day .
i asked them why they did n't go in the ocean . they replied `` we never go in until the sun sets ! ''
here they are waiting for the sun to set . the boys started to get rambunctious .
another jump photo , [male] in the back was doing flips !
finally the sun set and the boys ran into the water . so silly .
me and my friends went out to the beach .
we hung out and enjoyed the waves .
then we tried to get a good beach jump pick .
then we finally nailed it .
we jumped in the water and watched the sun go down .
we had a blast at the beach
some guys just hung out on the sand
we had so much fun taking pictures
this was a favorite of mine of us jumping
the sun set was incredible
from afar , we could only see a small white spec on the ice .
when we zoomed in , we were able to see the small bird .
his friend was a bit darker than him but they still got along .
the birds all grouped together and flew .
when they were done , they ate and rested .
we went to the park to feed the ducks and birds .
we ran into this cool looking duck , he followed us around the whole day !
the birds were fighting over each scrap of bread .
it was really cold , so they must have been really looking for food .
after we left , they were all full and happy . i think we 'll return soon to feed them .
saw this duck as i was walking home from the beach .
he actually let me take a close up .
seagulls scouting for food .
i think they found something .
dancing birds , what a treat .
this little guy was so light he could walk on the thin ice .
i had to get a picture though the ice was thicker than i thought .
this one was n't afraid of people at all .
these birds dove in eagerly for food .
it was a very fun day of watching nature .
we went by a local pond to feed the ducks today .
we saw many different kinds of ducks .
there were even seagulls around .
the seagulls were trying to eat all the food .
we saw a weirdly shaped sea creature also .
we went out for a walk and saw some amazing things .
there was an incredible eagle out on this ledge .
there was a family of ducks by the frozen lake .
we went by the bridge and looked out over the frozen lake .
it was such a beautiful calm day , one that i will always remember
we took a long drive on a sunny , winter day , and saw this bird just chilling in the snow .
the ducks found a place to swim in the midst of a snowy field .
the sun broke through the clouds showing the magnificence of this winter wonderland .
the ducks left their swimming hole in search for more duck friends .
this gorgeous expanse of snow reminded us that even winter days could be full of joy and beauty .
went outside in the snow and noticed a hawk .
he was perched up on a small tower .
then i walked around the lake .
it was completely frozen over .
i had never seen anything like that before .
[male] the falcon wanted to go on a trip .
he was so sick of his industrial grid . he wanted to see the world !
he flew around a lake area on a cold winter morning .
the sun was shining outside .
he flew all over . it was a beautiful day .
as the hawk sits out and surveys the land , he notices something .
in the far distance , he looks , and then begins to fly .
he flies all the way to the bridge , but could n't find what he was looking for .
in the distance he thinks he sees it again and begins to fly off .
but even still , he is unable to find anymore hawks anywhere .
we had a romantic dinner outside of the beach house .
this was one of the most relaxing vacations we have taken .
we walked down to the beach to enjoy the sunset together .
the sun started setting as the waves crashed against the rocks .
i glanced up and noticed a small family enjoying the sunset as well .
we went on vacation last weekend .
we stayed along the coast .
the view was beautiful there .
i had a great time .
it was a lot of fun .
[male] and i set out to find an adventure by the sea .
and we found it . the landscape was beautiful . building a house right here would be awesome .
look how serene that [male] looks . he is so beautiful too .
when the waves were starting to crash on the rocks it looked like something out of a movie ,
here i am , standing on a bluff and enjoying all that god has made . what a beautiful trip this turned out to be .
went up to location location for a fun in the sun getaway with my boyfriend .
here 's me , i am so excited to go out to the water .
here we are so happy together .
there we will be soon , we got ta hike down to that .
soon , we will be where they are but i had to take this beautiful picture .
my wife and i honeymooned at this beautiful cabin last october .
we had our own deck attached to our room .
we could see the ocean from the deck .
in the morning the water would be choppy .
but at night the water was smooth so we 'd go for a hike to catch the sunset .
this view of the beach should certainly be on a postcard .
this rock just seems to represent peace and serenity .
the sea is so calm , it seems the sand is blended in with the water
the ocean is the perfect back drop for this photograph .
i was so astonished to see that i caught the tail of a seal with my camera .
look how large this rock is in the ocean .
i zoomed in , i wonder how it got there .
the birds were hungry today .
i bet it is going to storm soon . the wind is blowing hard .
i thought this statute was very interesting . i sure like whales .
went to the beach to take some photography pictures .
this outcrop looks so intriguing in the water .
there were lots of little birds on the shore as well .
the vegetation is so fragile near beaches .
this abandoned statue was really neat to snag a few pictures of .
i went on a trip to the shore .
this rock dominated the shore .
the water was calm and the tide was low .
these weeds looked simple but beautiful against the water .
this fish statue symbolized one of the types of fish that can be found in the area .
the rock formation was very large
in the water .
the beach was clear
and there was grass
by the big whale statue .
we went out for a stroll and encountered a flock of geese who forgot to fly south .
i wanted to take some scenery shots of this place at dusk .
this is my favorite place to stop on our evening strolls .
another shot of the out of place geese and the huge sundial .
last shot before we took cover from another snow storm .
i had a great time at the canal today .
it was partially frozen this time of the year .
it was very cold .
many of the ducks were there .
there were some colorful lights at night .
we started seeing the birds by the fountain .
we walked around the bay getting pictures for awhile .
the huts out there where really cool .
the whole area was very exotic at times .
we got a few more shots and headed into town .
i traveled to location last winter .
the nights were beautiful and green with the northern lights .
there was a lot of cool outdoor architecture .
the snow covered the ground everywhere .
there were also shooting stars destroying the town .
i played around with the filters on my phone .
the colors in this scene made the landscape look gorgeous .
i stopped in this pagoda and took a rest .
snow covered the land and made it look magical .
the snow started falling again as i was snapping this picture .
the frozen lake is beautiful .
the snow glistens in the snow .
the house is small but warm .
it is cold outside for this man ,
the tree is stunning in the morning sun .
it was very cold at the beach today .
the weather was good .
there was no one else there .
it was cold but the water was not frozen .
we played for a couple of hours .
i vacationed on the beach in location last summer .
the sand was covered in snow .
i stayed in this tiny cabin on the beach .
every morning i 'd go for a walk along the water .
my favorite location to walk to was this giant dead tree .
the lake was frozen .
steam puffed out of the old factory .
he did n't know where he 'd find work in this weather .
ground was frozen hard as a rock .
on the bright side , at least he could spend time with his dog .
believe it or not the sun really does shine in location .
additionally , people really do work in location .
granted , we do spend a lot of our time in isolation in the snow .
i actually walk my dog through the snow almost every day .
location is not the warmest or most active place , but i still love it .
the couple was taking a walk on the beach .
they saw some interesting things from nature .
the trails of foot prints were all over .
there was a lot of liter .
it was all over the beach .
have you ever noticed how many interesting items you cab find lying around at the beach ?
i went for a walk this morning and do n't even know what some of the things i saw are .
i 'm sure there 's an interesting story behind this .
whatever this was , it 's now old and rusty .
one of my favorite finds was this feather . it 's so delicate . it was quite an interesting walk .
the beach has become littered with trash .
the feather of what was a bird left in the sand .
the group walked thru the sand seeing all mess that was left .
a rope left in the sand what was it used for ?
another piece to pick up that was left behind .
this is a picture of a bottle .
this is a picture of a feather .
this is a picture of footprints .
this is a picture of a rope .
this is a picture of a hat .
we eagerly waited for the chance to pick seashells from the beach .
dad and i wondered what type of bird the feather came from as we looked at the feather .
we had fun making footprints in the sand .
the children started in disbelief both afraid and enchanted at the site .
we wondered if the trap was set on purpose to gather seafood for dinner .
we went on a nature sight seeing trip on vacation .
we ended up on the beach , it was deserted and felt like it was our private beach .
the skies were blue and perfect .
we visited a local waterfall and swam in the pond .
later at night we relaxed while the sun set in the forest with nice views .
a group of friends decided to tour the location in an rv .
they went to location location .
they visited location location .
they also went to location .
each night they would discuss the place they visited and enjoy each other 's company .
we had some refreshments before our beach trip .
the beach was beautiful today lots of sunshine .
i got this picture of [male] at the waterfalls .
it was lots of fun to check out the shops at the beach town .
the ladies enjoyed some good conversation during our trip .
it was their first day at the beach , of the couples honeymoon .
making their way down to the water , they carried all their beach gear .
it was a perfect first day there !
after laying out a bit they began to explore and found a cool waterfall .
it was there they enjoyed the first sunset of their vacation .
we went on an amazing vacation
we went to the beach
it was just beautiful
there was a waterfall
sunrise every morning was special
the sun was shining bright on this hot day in july
the city of location beach was a busy place as usual .
planes flew high over the ocean , this one stood out because of it 's bright color .
sometimes beautiful birds are walking across , and if timed right you can catch a picture .
but it 's when they turn around to look at you that you know the picture will be perfect .
we decided to spend the day at location location .
it was beautiful weather !
we rented some surf boards .
the waves were great !
the drive home was lovely .
a good view of the life guard seat .
lovely view of the ocean with the clouds .
getting fishing rods to go fishing .
my boyfriend out in the ocean surfing .
a good view of the dock and the mountains behind it .
we got to the beach around morning .
we found a good spot near the life guard tower .
planes where flying above us as we relaxed .
a little bird came and tried to get food from me .
if you feed one , more always come .
a group of friends visits location location .
the beach is empty and gorgeous .
it is somewhat cold people wont be swimming today just fishing .
the ocean is rough and has white caps while the surfer surfs the ocean .
the boardwalk leading over the ocean is gorgeous and made of wood .
i was trying to figure out which house to buy .
there were so many good options .
i checked all around the neighborhood .
only a couple of them were in my price range .
that made the decision easier .
today , i went on tour of historic homes in my hometown . it actually was pretty interesting .
most of the homes were built in the 1800s . i ca n't imagine living in home that old .
some of the homes looked like castles , whereas other homes looked more ordinary .
some of the homes had been split over the years . the split homes had been used for rentals .
some of the homes were in the busy parts of the town , whereas others were isolated apart from town .
we saw many houses on the block .
one house was a cute yellow one .
then we saw some big brick houses .
they looked old and sturdy .
the architecture reminded me of colonial times .
while looking for a new house we visited many neighborhoods .
this one was one of our favorites because of how spacious it was .
we really enjoyed the architecture of this house , but it was a little too expensive for us .
this house had a great location and was in the heart of the city .
we finally decided on this house , which was the perfect blend of size and looks .
the couple was looking to buy their first house , their realtor showed them a huge house first .
but that was way too big for them , so they moved on to a smaller home .
all the homes they saw seemed to have something wrong with them .
or they just did n't feel right .
until they came upon one house , and from the moment they saw it , they fell in love . this was it !
we went walking on the beach , hoping to find sea shells .
[male] looked great in his jacket and the water crashing behind him .
we found a hermit crab burrowing in the sand .
and , some cute surfer boys for us to oogle .
and , we ended the day with a great shot of [male] on the steps .
looking for rocks on the sand .
found a few colorful rocks .
looking at surfers about to surf .
all of the surfers are catching waves .
impressed by their performance .
[male] liked being at the beach .
he liked the sand on his feet .
he stepped on this mollusk .
he likes watching the surfers .
overall , [male] had a good day at the beach .
i spent hours on the beach today .
i had a great time .
there were plenty of things to see .
i collected a lot of seashells .
there were n't many other people there .
the man was looking for interesting sea shells on the shore .
he found some colorful rocks during his search .
he also saw some friendly surfers trying to catch some waves .
here are the surfers riding waves with great skill .
the man was content with his day at the beach .
the team is ready for the big game .
the assistant coach looks worried though . he better get his game face on .
the coach is pumping up the team so they will win .
[male] is stretching really far to reach the ball .
he hit it over the net without breaking any bones . way to go [male] !
i was very excited to play in the game tonight .
we had been practicing very hard .
our coach believes in us .
we got together for a group hug .
we were going to try our best to win .
the team was ready for their game !
the coach was anxious to see how the new plays worked .
the opposing coach was getting frustrated with is team .
it was a hard-fought battle .
the home team was victorious !
all the athletes were nervous but eager to prove themselves .
the couch looked pretty nervous too .
but the other coach was more active , shouting and getting into the spirit .
the game was quite intense !
and everyone was excited and enjoying themselves .
a volleyball team came to play an official game .
one of the coaches intently analyzed the plays .
another coach drew up strategies and yelled instructions .
the bleachers were empty , but the players performed in an inspired fashion nonetheless .
the bench players cheered on the starters at key moments of the game .
i had a great time on vacation last weekend .
the view of the lake from my hotel was spectacular .
the drive to the next town was pretty far .
we spent most of our time enjoying the view .
the sunset was the best part of the day .
we started our day trip with a couple of drinks .
the highway was wide open .
we stopped to see these beautiful animals .
we finally reached our destination , this beautiful lake .
we stayed until the sun set .
this is a picture of a bar .
this is a picture of a sunset .
this is a picture of three animals .
this is a picture of a lake .
the water is glistening .
they met up at the local pub before setting out on their roadtrip .
it had been a long time since the two friends had done a roadtrip and they were anxious to head down the highway .
they stopped to stretch their legs and watch some goats they came upon in a field on the side of the road .
next stop was at a lake to have lunch .
the last stop of the day was at a large inlet where they decided to camp for the night .
the field was vast
and the lake was calm .
no one could read the sign
that was near the lake
so they watched the sunset .
a seafood dinner was planned to celebrate a special occasion .
everyone pitched in to help prepare the meal .
they sat at the table to enjoy the feast .
there was a birthday cake for the guest of honor .
being typical males , some of the guys took a nap while the women cleaned up .
we got together to celebrate a family member 's birthday .
the seafood was the hit of the day .
the lobsters were fresh and delicious .
the birthday cake and presents topped off the evening .
maybe we had a bit too much wine , and needed a nap .
we celebrated dad 's birthday all together in the backyard .
mom prepared a great seafood dinner .
our brother [male] came back from the shore with some freshly caught lobsters .
dad loved his cake , and had a great time blowing out the candles .
but after all the food , and lots of wine , maybe [male] had the best time of all .
we picked out the freshest ingredients to cook with .
preparing the food took some work .
we spent some time talking in the meantime .
it was fun opening up the presents .
some of us were pretty tired from the eventful day .
the family decided to gather for a birthday dinner .
there was a big bag of food .
the family wanted lobster .
afterwards , there was cake .
after dinner , some people wanted a nap .
weekend in a small town are very repetitive .
gianni 's pizza is on friday night .
saturday night is drinking with the crew .
and a rousing game of truth or dare .
sunday is for reflection on all the bad things we did friday and saturday night .
we started our day on the beach .
we walked around exploring for several hours .
when the sun went down we went back to the cabin and prepared to start a fire .
i do n't have a fireplace at home but i was able to make a cozy fire .
we invited some friends over and all of us sat around the fire talking .
the whole crew got together at gianni 's pizza to eat .
everyone was excited when thinking about going to the beach the next morning .
after eating we all hung out for a bit before our planned day in the sun .
we knew that getting a good night 's sleep would be important if we wanted to have fun tomorrow .
at the beach everyone had a blast !
on our vacation , we stopped to have pizza with all of our friends .
we stopped at a restaurant called gianni 's pizza .
then we stopped to share stories with all of our friends .
everyone had a good time hanging out .
after that we walked out into the ocean .
our beach trip got off to a great start with a trip to get pizza .
i would recommend gianni 's pizza to anyone traveling to the beach .
after dinner , we went back to our home for the week to stay up late and talk .
everyone was mesmerized by [male] 's made up story about the stuffed turtle .
we headed out bright and early the next day for our beach adventures .
a day trip to location location location was just what we needed .
the bridge in the distance is beautiful .
we had a chance to hike near the water .
the colors were mesmerizing .
we sat beside the water to relax and enjoy the scene .
this is the road i take to work everyday .
this is the pier where i usually come to walk and sometimes fish .
this is a picture of an office , near where i work .
this is the trail i usually take when i want to take a long walk .
this is a picture , taken from the top of a hill , of the city where i live .
golden gate park is a great place to go
to look at the water
and to be alone .
there are several trees around to keep you company ,
but mostly , it 's just you and the sound of the waves hitting the pier .
we took a family trip to location location location .
first we came across a long pier over the water .
we walked up high to get a view over the ocean .
then we followed the path back down to the water .
after that we walked onto the pier over the water .
a family decided to take a day to hang out at location location location .
the waves were extremely calm and the weather was great .
the view was beautiful and relaxing .
after that we decided to take a mini hike nearby .
we finally decided to leave as the clouds were getting larger and it looked like it was going to rain .
it was [male] 's birthday and he was very exited .
when his mama served the cake everyone was very eager .
his abuela reminded him to make a wish .
afterwards , he went with his family to the beach to fly kites .
it was a great birthday .
i went searching for seashells early in the morning before anybody was at the beach .
later more people started to show up .
they played in the waves but i stayed on the shore .
during my stay at the beach , i met a girl .
the girl i met was there with her sister .
the family sat down to celebrate the boy 's birthday .
first they started with eating a large dinner .
then they all got birthday cake .
after that they all went down to the beach .
the entire family was there to have fun .
the kids got together to celebrate someone 's birthday .
mom prepared the food and even served them .
it was finally time to present the cake !
afterwards , we all decided to hang out by the beach .
it was an amazing day overall !
a shot of the beach with the sun reflecting on the water
this couple was enjoying each other on the edge of the water
waves are good for surfing but we did not have surfboards
this is my cousin getting a tan on
and here is picture of me being a beach bum
near the beach there 's a field of flowers , where we sometimes take a walk .
this is a picture of waves crashing on the beach .
this is a picture of my cousin standing near the waves , at a distance .
this is the narrow trail that people take , sometimes , for a long walk .
sometimes i take this path , along the field of flowers , to walk along the beach .
i was walking down the beach when the water seemed to get agitated .
the surf was too rough for me to go swimming .
i decided to walk the trail that goes along the shoreline .
it was a very pretty sight .
there were wildflowers all along the trail .
[male] loved looking at the dandelions .
walking around with a a camera and taking shots of the ocean was his hobby .
every once in a while he would see someone but this area was usually empty .
he loved walking around near his house . it was very private and came him a sense of calm .
walking back to his house with the sun shining on him , he was thankful he got to do this every day .
beautiful view of the beach and tranquil waters .
magnificent waves crashing upon each other
scenic view overlooking the ocean .
grassy knoll leading up to the ocean .
bright yellow flowers blowing in the wind .
decided to take a trip to the beach to try out the new camera .
close up of the waves coming in . a lot of white caps today .
this would be a great shot if it was n't for the pole .
came across this batch of yellow flowers . they gave good contrast and texture to the photo with the waves behind them .
how sweat are these little guys . first impressions with this camera are good . i will have to mess with the settings but i will get it dialed in .
when you 're in this region , it is really important that you explore the local culture .
the animal and plant life are really important and sacred to the people living here .
their music and culture is inviting .
the food is amazing .
civilization has flourished here for thousands of years . it is important to respect that when you visit .
this is where we stayed on our trip overseas . it was like staying in someone 's home .
not sure what we were served for dinner , but if you 're in another country then try their food .
next we went for a trip down the river to see the locals .
we stopped to visit one of the local tribes . they were very friendly and invited us to stay for awhile .
the next day we took a walking tour through the countryside . the views were amazing and the people were so nice . ca n't wait to go back again .
we took a trip to location .
first we went out to the country to see the scenery .
then we stopped to watch a band play live music .
after that we had a large meal .
we continued through the country to the large valley .
we decided to take a trip to a foreign country for the week .
the scenery was amazing and looked like it was from a movie !
it was extremely lively as many people were out and bands were playing .
the food was delicious to say the least .
the mountains were large and sturdy .
our visit to machu picchu began at this beautiful chilean village .
the food was amazing . here is our first meal , roasted quail .
our guide , [male] , took us out on the lake to show us the local wildlife .
we set up tents on the other side of the lake before setting off for the peak .
a view from our hike to the top of organization organization . this does a good job of showing how high we were .
i went for a drive .
i wound up at the beach .
it was sandy .
there were lots of waves .
it was a great day .
we were sorry to leave our friends behind for the [female] , but excited for the trip to come !
we drove for a long while and it was a pretty boring drive , three hours in total .
it took us forever to find parking once we arrived at the beach , but the sight was really worth it .
[female] was in a hurry to get close to the river so she could take a picture while the sun was still up .
the driving was really worth it and in the end we had many great pictures to show for it , and the boat was waiting for us to continue our journey in .
after his last day of work , [male] decided to hit the open road .
he did n't know where he was going , so he just drove and drove .
finally the road ended . he found himself on a beach with some other travelers .
[male] walked along the shoreline , thinking of his next move .
the sight of boats in the water caught his eye . the road might have ended , he thought , but the sea goes on .
we left the apartment and hit the road .
we took the highway and noticed it was a clear day for the beach .
we pulled up and parked by the shore .
we walked along the shore and relaxed enjoying the day .
we sat down and took in the perfect day at the beach .
the family drove along the road to get to the beach .
they pulled up to an outdoor building and parked the car .
there were people sailing toy boats near the shore .
the boats formed a group in the water .
people watched as the boats raced in the water .
ming and tan are getting married .
this is ming 's bridesmad , jen .
this is tan 's best man , [male] .
tan 's cousins were all able to make it to his engagement party .
ming 's cousins all made it to her engagement party , it was a family affair .
the family were excited about being together .
the woman carried a plate and juice to have for later .
the family gathered together to take a photo .
the mother took her son by the hand so he would n't get lost .
the family had a great day at the park .
she smiled back with a silly face .
the sisters posed together .
here is uncle on his bike .
the family posed together in the living room .
everyone just could n't stay away from one another .
welcome to the taga family reunion . starting [female] and [male] .
now here is [female] with cousin [female] .
there 's uncle [male] . he loves his motorcycle .
here 's all 6 of us siblings .
and here we are again after a quick clothes change .
the family was preparing for their big trip .
they all got together to finish packing .
everyone in the family showed up .
then they watched some tv together .
then they went outside to get some fresh air .
i went camping .
it was a lot of fun .
the beach was amazing .
there were lots of plants .
just look at the views !
we went to vacation near the water .
we were able to set up our tent
the view was great .
we even got to see fields of flowers .
next to our camp was a sign with information .
the trees provided some shade for us .
we had a path to keep us going in the right direction .
the beach was pretty empty .
there were many different flowers growing .
the water created a beautiful view .
this is a picture of a tent .
this is a picture of the outdoors .
this is a picture of a danger sign .
this is a picture of wild flowers .
this is a picture of the pretty sea .
the tent was in the forest
near a long road
that had a danger sign .
the fields were green
and the water was blue nearby .
two little girls are climbing on a rock to take a picture .
the sisters are looking for shark 's teeth in the surf .
a dad is showing his children a fish in a tidepool .
a man is picking up a crab from the sand .
a little girl drew a heart in the sand for her mom . she loves her very much .
the girls were ready for their trip to the beach .
they walked around with dad .
[female] searched for seashells .
[female] felt something bite her foot .
dad saved the day and found out it was a little crab .
we took the kids to the beach for vacation .
the girls loved looking for seashells .
daddy loved telling the girls what they were looking at in the puddles .
he even found a tiny crab .
you could tell that the girls appreciated the day , they drew hearts in the sand .
this is a picture of two little girls .
this is a picture of a sunny beach .
a family is looking for rocks at the beach h .
the man is holding up a crab .
the kids drew in the sand stick figures .
the girls were playing on the rocks
near the beach
when the father came by
to show them a crab
and draw in the sand .
this summer we went to location for our vacation .
location has some awesome sites and wildlife to enjoy . here we saw a pair of parrots trained to talk with one another .
[female] enjoyed the local food and spent a lot of time with the people .
the people of location were very welcoming and made us feel very happy to be there .
location 's beaches are some of the best we have ever seen in the world . it 's worth a trip down here just for the beach life .
we stayed at a lovely hotel on vacation .
our room had a great view of the ocean .
we spent time strolling around town and shopping .
there was also plenty of time to enjoy the beach .
we rented scooters to explore the town even more .
[female] needed to get away from it all , so she packed her bags and headed to the tropics .
she made many friends , human and parrot alike .
she found that she loved the local food and customs .
with her friend [male] , she would wander through the local markets .
when the sun got too much , she would cool off in the pristine ocean . truly , this was paradise .
ah , paradise ! here 's the view of the beach from our front door .
and a view of the wildlife right on our private patio .
out on the town we had lots of little bistros to choose from .
once we refueled , we were ready to see what else the village had to offer .
and at the end of the day we returned to our favorite piece of paradise .
there is a long haul
near the beach
with lots of people .
the people are relaxing
before leaving on bike .
me and my dogs decided to go on a hike .
we traveled along the beach .
the beach was boring , and we were about to leave .
then we met a crab . he told us where to find some action .
we found a bunch of horse riders , so we joined them .
we had been driving for hours until we finally arrived at the hiking trail .
the view from the top was spectacular .
after a while it started to get cloudy .
i made it to the beach and spent a couple of hours enjoying the breeze .
after a while i left because there were more clouds coming in and i wanted to stay dry .
they were out on a fun hike and beach camping trip .
there was plenty of sandy beach to walk on .
the tide was out so far it took a while to walk to the water .
every once in a while we would see a crab on the beach .
the clouds started looking ominous and they decided to set up their tent for the night before it started to rain .
the dog and i decided to hike down to the beach today .
the sky and scenery was beautiful .
the water was as well .
getting closer to the waves , we spotted this crab walking along .
all in all , it was a wonderful and beautiful day .
the man took his dog on the trip
where the sand was .
he walked along
and saw a crab
before the waves got strong .
these are my best friends in college.we hang out and go everywhere together .
[male] in the middle there loves rowing.he is on a college team.had a crush on him through school .
great sights and buildings all over our travels together .
eiffel tower was among some of my favorite stops .
the end of our days we like to hang on the beach and relax in the water.so beautiful here .
one day , me and my friends decided to start a boating team .
we did n't do any practice and did minimal preparations .
it was hard work , but we managed to do it .
we just kept rowing and rowing .
we never figured out how to stop rowing , so now we 'll row until the end of time .
the jenkins family was close . they did everything together .
when [female] had to leave town secretly , the family knew just how to get her out .
early in the morning they took up the paddles , and began to row .
father was ever vigilant , looking over his shoulder for any sign of the police .
together as one they pushed on , choosing family over all .
here the family is all together !
we had fun on the canoe working together to navigate the sea !
the buildings had amazing architecture .
we enjoyed the famous sights as well .
we relaxed on deserted beaches too !
the 6th annual canoe race was this afternoon near the lake . all the competitors had a formal breakfast in preparation .
then it was time to get ready ! each competitor got their proper attire on along with their paddles .
the race was a close one . each year the team tries to beat the time from the year prior .
it was tense watching the players go at it . each year the time gets harder and harder to beat .
the team beat last year 's time by 3.4 seconds . it was close ! it just means next year will be that much harder on the team . i know they can do it again though .
we went to the fair .
we have a bunch of fun with costumes .
the nature was great !
everybody had a good time dancing .
the motel we stayed at was nice too !
getting ready for our weekend adventure .
this two clown made us happy , they entertain us very well .
busy on looking something nice on the place .
enjoying the place where we can not see on the city .
performing in the middle of the forest .
the toddler looked around in amazement .
the actors got dressed in their costumes .
the visitors searched for a seat .
the giant mushroom provided shade .
the high walkers marched through the lawn .
i went to camp last summer .
while i was there we played games .
there were crafts to do .
we made lots of neat stuff there in the woods..
i ca n't wait to go back next year .
this is a picture of a man playing guitar .
this is a picture of a show .
this is a picture of statues .
this is a picture of a crowd .
this is a sign of a hotel .
it was a great day out on the water .
[male] and [male] decided they 'd play a hilarious joke .
their boat would today be the ass tracker .
they covered the b on the side , then realized they do n't actually want to do anything .
their sister , juliet , facepalmed when they told her what they did .
we went on a family vacation to go camping .
my son got to ride a tractor .
then we set up a tent for the night .
we put up a fire to keep warm and make s'mores .
the next morning , we went out for great boat ride .
i took my family on a camping trip .
[male] want to drive the golf cart but he does n't have his driver 's license .
it was the first time i pitched a tent and i think i did alright .
my favorite part was lighting the fire because i 'm a bit of a pyromaniac .
i 'm glad my brother let me borrow his boat so we could take it out on the waters .
we went on a boating trip .
the boat needed a little bit of maintenance .
the name of my boat is so cool .
here is a full shot of my boat .
when we got back , [female] was so tired she fell asleep on the hammock .
the family was on the road .
they arrived at their camping spot .
the pitched their tent .
they made a fire that night for smores .
the next day they went on a boat ride .
i took a walk down the beach today .
i like to look at the wildlife .
i spotted a lighthouse and walked closer to check it out .
the lighthouse is seldom used so there were some critters building homes .
i think the spider had his eyes on this grasshopper .
the storms are rolling in .
we went to the top of the lighthouse .
storms are right over us now .
the storms make the waves really big .
me walking along the ocean right after the storms passed .
i visited the beach last weekend and took a walk down the shoreline .
i saw a gull just hanging out at the water 's edge .
nearby was an old lighthouse that was blocked off .
i found a really scary spider that had made a cool web .
i also found the largest grasshopper i had ever seen .
the island that the lighthouse was on had a lot of wildlife .
birds like these were common .
the light house is where they liked to perch on occasionj .
this spider is common to the island as well .
grasshoppers are common everywhere .
the beach is a great place to be .
it 's where you can see birds ,
lighthouses ,
and insects
of all kinds !
before we left our room , i wanted to take a picture of my wife .
we left the room to go outside and view the pool .
after the pool , we left the resort to explore the lovely city .
we arrived at this outdoor venue that was immaculate .
the last thing we did was take pictures at the beach .
vacation was amazing this year , the view from our hotel was great .
the room itself was pretty good but we didnt want to be locked up inside all day .
look how beautiful the road to the beach was !
here we are at the beach getting ready for some adventure .
sunset was also incredible as was everything on the island .
it was a quick jaunt from the online dating site to having her on my bed .
we 'd married in a whirlwind romance , and the pool seemed a perfect place to cool our feet .
palm trees lined the street of desire we 'd embarked upon together .
what a beautiful resort ! we 'd gotten a discount on the tickets , too !
my love in her wetsuit , only days before she was eaten by a ravenous shark .
[female] was really excited for her vacation . her hotel room was really , really nice ,
and the hotel even had a really nice pool .
it felt like paradise being so close to the beach ,
and being able to dine in so close to its vicinity .
[female] loved the beach , and she had a great vacation .
we got a hotel room with a king size bed by the ocean .
the pool was really nice and had plenty of room .
the view of the ocean and palm trees from the hotel was amazing .
we did manage to find a shaded area to sit when we are ready to get out of the sun .
we did spend the rest of the day on the beach and swimming in the ocean .
what a wonderful vacation we had .
we posed for a photo by the wonderful views .
this is the river we went kayaking in .
i loved the beautiful pink tropical flowers .
[female] and i posed at breakfast for a photo .
[female] and [male] are on their honeymoon having fun .
they decide to head up this path for a little hiking .
once they reach the top of the trial they take this breath taking picture of the view .
they even spot a little small lizard .
they head back down the trail but not before they snap this last picture .
[female] and [male] went to the coast for a weekend getaway .
they really enjoyed soaking up the ocean breeze .
despite the beautiful weather , there were very few people out on the water that weekend .
further inland , the wooded areas had many beautiful flowers .
after the outdoor adventure , [female] brought her daughter along for dinner .
the water by the ocean was beautiful today .
we decided to take a walk .
the water was still and relaxing .
there were lovely flowers blooming everywhere .
after , we went out to dinner with my favorite neice .
[male] and [female] are on the road . they vacation every year with their 3 year old daughter .
[male] and [female] love vacationing at beaches . they vacation at a different beach every year .
this year they decided to travel to location location . it is just beautiful . and they had never been there before .
location location has some of the biggest trees . they also have some of the prettiest flowers .
[female] even decides to extend the families stay . she throws her daughter location 's fourth birthday at a convenient and inexpensive hall nearby .
went to location location for a fun filled trip and have fun doing lots of fun things .
grape vines for lot of wine .
there are lots of different grape vines ready to make wines to distribute at restaurants .
caught a beautiful rainbow along the water .
beautiful night sky . i think i want to move here .
on the second day of our vacation we went on a cruise .
our destination awaits on the horizon .
discovered a lovely vineyard growing on the island .
as we went back to the dock , saw a beautiful rainbow over the bay .
the setting sun shined over the water as we departed .
the sky was clear blue . it was a beautiful day .
you can see the mountains in the background .
the trees were planted row by row .
look at the rainbow across the sky .
the sun began to set .
he decided to get out for a hike and the first thing he came across was an inlet with the tide out and boats resting on the ground .
next he ran across a new crop of trees .
they were planted in row upon row on the hillside .
back at the water he was able to see a rainbow while standing on a hill looking out over the water .
as the clouds started to turn dark and ominous he decided his outdoor excursion was over and headed back home .
it was a nice day outside so i decided to go boat watching .
i walked around some more and found some trees .
the view was gorgeous so i stopped and took some photos .
i went back out towards the water and caught a glimpse of a rainbow .
the sun was starting to go down , so i started to head back home .
we got a new puppy this week .
it 's a golden retriever , we 've always wanted one .
their face is adorable and they are well mannered .
for now he sleeps around the house a lot , but when he grows up , i 'll teach him many tricks .
we 've named him [male] , it 's a name that fits him perfectly .
i took a walk through my local garends yesterday .
there was some great shots of the wonderful foliage .
i also went past the long abandoned pier .
the was taken along the walking trail past the old water intake .
i ended up at the old pier again to take a great shot .
our dog is a lazy dog ... .
he likes to lay around all day ... .
and , he really likes to sleep .
sometimes , he even lays by the bed and snores ...
or , appears to be sleeping with his eyes open .
i love photographing my best friend .
she 's a rescue dog with an abusive past .
so i spoil her rotten to make up for it .
she sleeps on my bed every night .
and this is the face i get to wake up to every morning
buster was getting old .
he was 12 now .
he slept a lot .
in fact , he slept most of the time .
regardless , buster was family and he 'd get the best of care for as long as he lived .
they got to see the modern part of the city .
mom thought the sunset over the ocean was pretty .
me and my brother really liked our parents visiting us .
we showed them some of the local wildlife .
dad got tired walking up all them steps to the top of the hill .
[female] had four best friends , [male] , [male] and [male] .
together they would go on grand adventures .
they went to see the penguins on the shore .
monkeys even met them as they wandered the globe .
but some of their favorite times together were camping at night by the water with cold beer and new friends .
from the boat the building reflected the sun like a piece of aluminum foil .
even the sea carried the sun 's reflection .
back on land mom and dad had finally arrived .
the beach was packed with everyone that signed up for the tour .
and we all made it to the tower together .
i went to the beach with all of my friends last weekend .
we had a great time watching the sunset together .
i wanted to find where the bathroom was .
while i was looking i saw a bunch of penguins .
it was amazing there .
all of the cousins posing at the resort .
this was very steep , but we made it !
i was surprised to see these on the beach .
an orangutan taking a breather !
this was taken as we approached the stadium .
we woke before sunrise for our trip .
we were going to location location location location location .
the trees were just beginning to show their fall colors .
we watched a falcon having a little dinner .
when we arrived home after dark the cat looked at us like `` where have you been all day ? ''
princilla kitty lived in a comfortable home in the city where her every whim was law .
one day she ran out the door when the mailman came because she thought she 'd like to take a walk along the scenic drive .
she walked and walked and saw dangerous things like plants that could poison her .
there were big birds that could eat her !
at the end of the day , all princilla kitty wanted to see was a sign pointing the way to home sweet home .
we started our day at sun up .
we went down to walk some of the local trails
the location was amazing .
but so was the fona .
afterwards , we called it a day and headed back home .
my cat tj wanted to go on a hike .
we found a trailhead to walk on together .
the fall leaves were beautiful .
suddenly , a hawk showed up and glared at tj .
it watched us from a signpost ... waiting to snatch tj up .
early in the morning , a visitor headed to location location location location location .
at the park , there were signs highlighting the trails that visitors could hike .
during the time of year of the visit , trees were turning into their fall colors .
the park is a good location to watch birds , including the raptor photographed .
a local cat also enjoyed bird watching at the park .
birds tend to thrive on the island ...
however , they are injured from time to time by the sea otters .
that is when the bird rescue team comes into play .
they are constantly helping with the animals ...
like these baby ducklings .
i went to the beach last week .
there were a lot of wildlife there .
many seals were there .
they were hanging out .
there were also a lot of birds .
i had a fun day on the lake . i saw a lot of animals .
birds were walking all over the place .
otters were scurrying around .
this one kept hissing at a bird in the water .
the bird eventually flew away angry .
a wildlife rescue team arrives at the beach .
they see animals suffering from an oil spill .
they get out their equipment to help and observe .
they observe many birds they could help .
it looks like the birds observe them too .
perched on the old sign it sat in silence .
watching the seals .
the rescue workers .
the oil spill had killed so many .
at least these ducks were saved .
the remained calm as the sun started to set .
in the distance i could see a family enjoying the view .
the waves began to get more aggressive as i walked along the shore .
i made my way to the rocky sea side where the waves were less aggressive .
here i watched the sunset over the sea .
we enjoyed our afternoon on the beach .
the waves sounded beautiful crashing on the shore .
the sun slowly made its way down the horizon .
the sunset was gorgeous .
we stayed a few hours into the evening .
i love sunsets ! there never seems to be one sunset that looks like the other .
my family and i like to go out in the evening and watch the sun go down behind the ocean .
peaceful and calming sense of how the sounds make you feel .
water crashing on the rocks , or the birds making their way from way place to the next .
be grateful you have your eye sight to see such wonderful things.we take so much for granted .
i went for a walk last weekend .
i decided to head down to the beach .
there was a beautiful sunset out on the horizon .
i had a great time .
afterward i headed back home .
we started off our beach vacation by getting a great spot to watch the sunset .
we set out a comfortable blanket . we brought along a picnic basket with wine , cheese and crackers .
we snacked on our food and sipped our wine while watching the sun begin to set in the sky .
the waves crashed on the rocks below us . i got some great pics of the sunset !
we enjoyed the beautiful sunset while we drank and snacked . we planned our days ahead for our fun beach vacation .
we like to take a weekend trip to stay at the hotel aboard the [female] [female] .
we like to stroll the beach and feed the birds .
the water is always so beautiful .
it 's perfect for a swim .
every time we come it is like our honeymoon .
i love to travel .
this place is amazing .
there 's so much to see .
so much to do .
i must go back soon .
our anniversary was spent by the docks . we started out by this huge boat .
digging our feet into the sand was nice . these birds decided to join us .
here 's the water from above . it looked way too cold to go in .
the beach was empty . i was flabbergasted .
i love my husband . it was a great day at the pier .
it 's our yearly vacation , and we decided to spend as much time as possible around the beach and the ocean .
on the pier , there was a beautiful view and a fresh breeze .
it got a little crowded though , so we decided to head back down to the shore .
we loved watching the waves roll in and feeling them on our feet .
then , some visitors arrived . we fed them some bread and watched them fly around before heading back inside for lunch .
we could n't hop off the cruise ship quick enough .
the beach was right there for us to use .
and , [male] was ecstatic to take a swim .
we then walked the beach for hours ...
and , we found a pier to take a beautiful picture .
[female] was determined to have a good day on the beach .
so [female] took her daughter [female] out for a day of fun in the sun .
[female] 's sister jen played with [female] as they both laid out on the deck leading to the beach .
after a fun time with [female] [female] took a break to look back at the ocean and all of its beauty .
once the sun started going down it was time to head home , but one last look was always the best .
my friends and i decided it would be cool to take a walk in the woods nearby our town .
we walked along the random pathways and looked at all the wonderous nature surrounding us .
my friend [male] urged us to go further down this particular path because he had heard that there was something at the end of it .
the path kind of disappeared under our feet and we kept walking through the dense vegetation .
it was totally worth it because [male] thought he hear water and he was right ! we cooled off from our long nature walk .
[female] was the love of my life .
one of the two loves of my life , our daughter [female] , was the other .
we loved to play together in our bungalo .
[female] never looked better than standing out by the ocean .
i had a the perfect life .
the family was having fun on vacation .
the baby had never been on vacation before .
she loved her mom and sister .
the sister went out onto the beach .
everyone was glad to be on vacation .
i have the most beautiful wife in the world .
she recently blessed me by giving birth to our first child .
i thought having a daughter might be a little bit of a burden but i ca n't get enough of her .
i still ca n't get away from my wife either , and recently took her on a lovely tropical vacation .
i have to admit that i enjoyed the peace .
we had a great day walking down the shore .
colorful boats sat at the dock .
street vendors sold beautiful artwork .
many others like ourselves , just enjoyed the sites .
a nearby park gave us place to rest at the end of the day .
the streets are lined with people .
we are at a small port for local boats .
people are selling their wares all along the way .
this is a place of gathering for locals to talk and play games .
there are also tourists here to take in the peaceful waters .
there was an art fair but the water today .
the boats were docked by newcomers and visitors .
a jewelry maker had a field of her goods .
some locals were playing a dice game in the sand .
tourists watched down at them , marveling as the locals seemed to not have a care in the world .
first we went to the port .
there many artists were selling their creations .
they sold beautiful artwork along the streets .
people often went there to watch the boats unload .
sometimes we could see smoke coming out of the next building , this was not one of those times .
this is the last time we take a bargain cruise !
i can not even tell you where we landed .
the sightseeing left a lot to be desired .
i was all too eager to board the ship again .
the last thing i saw as we left the dock was a lonely bench . it seemed to be screaming to me , `` take me with you ! '' sorry , bench , you 're on your own .
when i arrived my friends pretended they were being rescued by me .
was n't long before [male] was lounging with a beer .
we got some good fun in the water swimming .
[male] was still drinking and lounging .
[male] got some fun shots of his girlfriend , everyone had a great time .
a couple went to the beach together .
their friend was a third wheel .
they had a photographer there to take photos of them .
they brought a raft to go out in the water on .
their friend remained alone under the shade .
we 're here . this little boat survived bringing all of us .
how long do i have to stay this way . i heard that picture snap a million times .
wonderful day for a beach shoot . i love my job .
what do you think of this pose ? i do n't think it will work .
i could be here all day getting my picture taken .
a day at the beach our inflatable boat awaits .
i tried to stay cool in the water .
my friend waded in the shallow water .
the cabana was behind me .
a pretty girl modeled for the camera man
everyone was excited when we landed at the beach .
[male] was having fun relaxing near the water .
[female] and [male] were swimming out in the crystal clear water .
[female] and [male] decided to relax in the shade but [male] did n't mind the sun .
we had a great time at the beach that day .
day 1 of the alaskan photography expedition .
day 2 visiting the penguin reef , no penguins in sight .
day 3 , a wonderful adventure to visit live active volcano 's .
morning day 4 , sight seen while the photography club was going over the days logs .
last day of the trip . this photo ranked 1 from our photography guide .
i love to visit any body of water there are sandy beaches .
also rocky beaches .
some beaches are surrounded by greenery .
others are surrounded by weeds .
but the most beautiful is the one with the mountain view .
i went to the beach last weekend .
i could see some boats out on the ocean .
there were some mountains in the distance .
i had a great time there .
i felt like going hiking on those mountains .
a nice sunny day in next to the water .
the shore was beautiful but foreboding .
not much grows near the water .
looking across the bay the sun shown in the daylight .
snow capped mountains made you understand how cold it was there .
i went to visit a lake on the weekend .
the landscape had a lot of rocks on it .
there were also lots of green areas .
these plants delicately lined the shore .
there were snow capped mountains in the distance that i hope i can climb one day .
i went down to the water earlier .
i met a raccoon along the way .
there were some birds flying overhead .
i had a great time there .
it was very beautiful .
the sunset was so beautiful , that i stayed long after the sun had set .
this was the largest she 'll that i had ever seem in my life .
i was shocked that this raccoon sat still for me to take a picture without attacking me , or moving .
this eagle soared high , and just looked to transcend the air we breathe .
this shell seemed to be there for a very long time , and i plan to keep it that way .
is that a sea urchin ?
who knows ? i was distracted by a raccoon .
and then this pretty bird .
it made me think how neat it would be to fly .
i wish i was a bird .
looking in the water i come across this thing . i do not know what it is .
i do know this is a raccoon and they love to dig in your foods .
spotted an eagle flying free .
i 'm lucky to get these pictures they are hard to take .
one last one before it flies off .
the ocean is awakening for the day .
in a nearby grassy patch , a young raccoon awakes .
birds begin to fly to fetch food for their families .
off he goes , hopeful of finding something .
otherwise his family will be hungry .
the pier is great for fishing .
there are lots of great hotels at the beach .
sand art fish were sculpted .
is that location ?
location guards the beach .
there were not many people at the beach today .
i went for a short walk .
i like the buildings on the side of the beach .
there were some impressive sand sculptures .
they were very good .
the pier next to ocean to see the view .
the buildings close to ocean near the sand .
a sand made dolphin next to the ocean .
more sand made people in the sand made .
an a statue standing with a iguana on it .
we went to the beach to see the sandcastle competition .
it was a nice day at the beach even though it was a little overcast that day .
the first sandcastle was this beautiful fish with nice texture and detail .
while not as nice as the fish , this sandcastle showed a diver , poseidon , and a neat fish .
compared to the previous sandcastle , this version of poseidon was much better with greater depth and a realistic life-likeness .
we went down near the pier one evening .
we walked along the beach .
there were some really attractive statues .
this sandcastle was amazing !
i think this could have been location .
it was a long drive to the party .
there were many christmas decorations .
the sky was very clear .
i had a great time with my friends .
when we got back to the apartment we were very tired .
ok this totally sucks .
i hate this .
double photos is impossible .
please stop posting these .
we ca n't do them .
the day the aliens invaded location was the day i took pictures of my feet .
i was riding my bicycle when the beams of light came from the sky .
my mom rushed to pick my brother and i up . she took us to location location farm .
at location location farm the lights confused the aliens and they could n't find us .
the next morning i took pictures of the trees and water feeling lucky to be alive .
two friends decided on a christmas time road trip .
the elaborate christmas lights were quite spectacular .
they also took a little time for a nature outing .
they took pictures to remember the trip .
after a nice outing , it 's back to the city .
getting my feet wet in the creek .
getting ready to ride my bike on a nice fall day .
enjoying a long ride just looking out the window .
saw some christmas light decorations at night time , very lovely .
enjoying the peace and quit around the creek .
testing out my new organization camera that i got for my birthday .
the night sky . not that many stars or my camera did n't capture it .
i tried to be artistic here but i feel like i failed . this looks horrible .
over the town sunset . photo is black and white .
tried to add more colors to it . this is a pretty impressive shot .
it was a beautiful , blue sky day at the lake .
it grew gray and cloudy as my wife entered the water .
some creepy guys watched from the other bank , obviously enjoying her discomfort .
in fact , a lot of people were watching . we did n't like that , so we left the water and headed up the beach .
we settled down , far away from the water . ca n't see the lake from here , but at least we have privacy .
i went to the lake last weekend .
the water was great .
it was a small lake .
it was in the middle of the dessert .
the weather was very good last weekend .
we decided to head down to the bay .
we got in the water to cool off .
the lake was pretty massive and a lot of fun .
we walked around it a few times .
then headed back into the desert .
the location location is illuminated in the night .
it sits underneath the starry sky .
inside is helga , the organization guard .
inside the hotel is a graveyard .
if you walk behind the building , you see the ocean .
we were coming back home from the cemetery yesterday .
before we got in the car we decided to head to the beach .
our dog was very excited when we got there .
there were some nearby structures to sight see .
the weather was perfect that day .
we arrived at the beach not knowing what we 'd find .
the family dog was so excited to be in the water .
while he played we had an early dinner .
afterwards we took a walk down the beautiful pathway nearby .
we paid our respects to our parents before we headed back home .
we started our day at a veterans cemetery .
we passed the giant pool in the center on our way out .
later , we went to the beach too let the dog have some fun .
we saw some crazy stuff while we where there .
we walked for a while and just enjoyed the beach on a perfect day .
we started the day with a moment of reverence for the men and women who served our country .
the nearby reflecting pool gave us a place to consider the sacrifices they made for us .
we also made time to enjoy the natural beauty of our surroundings ( including our best friend of course ) .
even at the beach there 's something to learn about , as this monument shows .
we loved the endless beauty of this peaceful and profound place .
there are many memorials
near the fountain .
the dog is near the water
with the giant statue .
the water made the day nice .
the crowd waited expectantly .
here comes the first racecar !
it was a rally that day .
later steffi visited the bay .
and hiked over to the rocky ocean shoreline .
the car drove inside of the cones .
the crowd watched excitedly hoping for a winner .
the white car almost ran off the road .
the blue car sped around the curve really fast .
the red car was the fastest car in the race .
the car takes off and starts the race .
everyone watches and waits to see who will make it to 1st place .
some cars are drifting and turning and racing to 1st place .
same car rushing to the finish line trying to finish in 1st place .
while other cars are trying to still get to 1st place .
we went to a race recently .
so many cars were going fast !
it was in location location and it was gorgeous .
there was even a beach nearby !
it was pristine !
on the way to the dirt track . i think this guy might be heading for the race itself . i wonder if they 'll let my oldsmobile take part ?
i need a better vantage point . all i can see is dust and the backs of people 's heads .
oh yeah , now this is more like it . look at this guy go !
this guy is in second but he 's catching up fast . i 've been on this bend for 20 minutes and no one has crashed yet . how dull .
yeah , i 'm getting bored . come on ! people on watch this stuff for the crashes !
over the weekend we visited the local park .
the park had some amazing sights and wildlife . here i took a picture of a beautiful violet .
there are some rock climbing and hiking areas too for kids and adults .
we discovered a birds nest while were hiking up the trail .
this encounter was exciting and scary at the same time ! we encountered a snake while we made our way down the trail .
a young person decided to trek into the wilderness to enjoy some nature . as the clouds started to move out of the area it was evident it was going to be a beautiful day .
after a few hours they came across this random flower . they thought it was one of the most unique flowers they had ever seen , so had to stop for a photo .
just as the afternoon sun was proving to be hotter than expected , they came across an opening that lead to the water .
a sandy beach with gentle rolling waves beckoned them to take a swim to cool off .
however , they spotted this rather large snake , and decided it was probably time to head back home .
this is a picture of mountains .
this is a picture of a purple flower .
this is a picture of a red flower .
this is a picture of a bird .
this is a picture of a snake .
it was a beautiful july 4th today . my family and i went nature seeking .
we saw the prettiest flowers . some were lush , bright pink .
others were red . so many beautiful colors .
the birds were chirping . such a lovely sound .
we even saw a snake . it was scary !
the grass is very green
and the flowers are blooming
near the mountains .
the birds enjoy the view
and so do the snakes .
this is my husband [male] . he wanted to have a photo picture with the nice background .
a bridge where we walked before we go to the beach .
how lovely the birds are when they flew together .
foot prints on the sand reminds us how to be humble and how god loves us all .
a lovely place to be with our love . this reminds me that i am no longer be a kid just like the old days .
the surf was rough last friday when we went to the beach .
this was the path that meandered around the beach .
a person was taking advantage of the wind and parasailing .
this bridge went over the salt marsh near the beach .
a lone sandal that someone left behind .
we went on a hike today .
the first part was over a bridge .
we saw a huge flock of birds .
we ended up by the beach .
it was so good to sit down .
we headed out to walk down to the coast .
we followed the usual way by the train tracks .
when we got there , hundreds of birds where overhead .
we then walked down to the beach to find a good spot .
we pulled out our lawn chairs and enjoyed the day .
it is a gorgeous sunny day when the couple decides to visit the local beach .
they walk down the long boardwalk that leads to the beach .
a huge flock of seagulls flies overhead .
no one is at the beach but they see people have been from the footprints they left .
they put out their chairs and enjoy the beautiful scenery .
this man showed us how to control a camel .
further down the road we met this man who was a philosopher .
he led us toward this massive statue .
he said we should also visit this grand building which we saw after the statue .
the last thing we did was admire some figurines .
a man goes on vacation to an exotic area and sees many beautiful sights , and even a camel .
the place the man visits has a lot of old architecture .
while walking in the back alleys of the streets , the man sees a pig .
while travelling the city , the man takes a picture of some very old statues .
before leaving , the man takes a picture of one of the biggest attractions -- a holy temple directly across a beautiful lake .
[male] met us at the depot with a camel ; our adventure was on !
we passed by a statue of the great [female] , once used by the ancients to roast enemies of the state alive inside .
today , the natives ate a more mundane course of wild boar .
we finally arrived at the sacred temple of location .
across the lake was the glorious temple , its beautiful mosaic tile reflecting the midday sun like a dusty jewel .
the man was so excited to ride a camel on his vacation to location .
he loved being able to come here and eat real indian food ,
and to see the exotic sights .
of course , he went to the taj mahal ,
and of course he saw some unique indian treasures .
on our vacation to location , we got the chance to ride a camel .
while we were discovering the country we came across a statue of a cow .
in the village we also came across a wild pig wondering around .
we got to see some beautiful sculptures carved in the wall .
we also passed by the taj mahal .
this is the log house we live in when we go to vacation during the summertime .
this is a chair , in front of the house , that i usually sit on , in the morning and have breakfast .
this is a picture of the lake where we sometimes go to fish .
this is the forest area near the log cabin of where we stay .
this is a picture of [male] getting up from bed in the morning .
setting up home in the cabin we rented for the week .
the view is amazing . the trees look ablaze .
the water looks quiet and serene .
this is our neighbor .
we are ready for a peaceful night without city noise .
on our vacation we staying in a log cabin .
the view from the cabin was amazing .
first we went kayaking in the water .
then we found a large bird in the water .
after kayaking we watched the sun go down .
here 's the cabin we rented deep in the woods .
the furniture was handmade by the homeowner .
the fishing is supposed to be great here but we prefer to kayak .
here was our view from the cabin . it was very peaceful out in the woods .
my son was exhausted by our final day after so many activities .
the family took a camping trip to the location location . here is our cabin .
the cabin was along the river . we could see the changing leaves .
the river fed into this huge lake , which was accessible by canoe .
there was tons of wildlife , including this rarely seen blue heron .
the view from the back of the cabin . this was what we were lucky enough to see at the end of each day .
my friend used binoculars to see the flag .
from a far , he saw the flag on the boat .
the boat was far away near the other boats .
on the shore , i walked to look at the flowers .
my puppy stayed home and went to sleep .
the girl used her binoculars to spot her boat .
the boat dropped by and picked her up , and she went for a ride across the water .
after the ride , the boat pulled back into the dock , and she noticed other boats getting ready to leave .
once back on shore , she decided to go for a walk in the sand . it was a gray and chilly day .
she returned home to her sleeping pups , feeling as tired as they were .
[female] was excited to watch the ships go in and out of port today . she grabbed her binoculars so she could see them from her porch .
she watched as their flags waved in the wind ,
and she watched as they docked .
[female] walked around the beach to get a better look ,
but she got tired and decided to return home to cuddle with her precious puppy .
we have all gathered for a family trip in location .
taking a moment to shop for any last items we may need .
this is the boat we are taking to arrive at our vacation destination .
the boys seem to be enjoying the boat ride .
here we are . our own little paradise .
a family went on vacation .
to arrive at the destination , they took a boat .
their destination was a very nice beach where they could rest for everyday life .
yes , event at this remote location they could find familiar brands , such as coca-cola .
even more surprising , they could not escape organization !
we took the entire family on vacation .
first , we spent some time walking around the city shopping and visiting the street vendor 's booths .
then we hopped on a ferry to go to a remote island .
we were all excited about the relaxing day on the beach .
we stayed on the beach until the sun went down enjoying the breeze .
the entire family took a vacation to the beach .
first they rode a large boat in the ocean .
then they arrived to their destination .
after that they had breakfast by the beach .
they also started there day with some coffee .
we decided to take a family photo before we began our trip in location .
the streets were packed with many people and local markets .
we then decided to board a ferry with many other people .
it was a beautiful day out with the sun shining .
it was finally night time and we ended our day walking by the beach .
going to the beach is great . some like to play frisbee .
some beachgoers like to `` people watch '' and catch some sun .
then , there are the beach nappers . they need to beware so they do n't burn .
almost everyone enjoys a walk on the beach .
the end of a great beach day .
it was an overcast day but we went to the beach anyway .
i invited all of my friends .
after a few minutes there we started playing some games .
i brought out the frisbee .
it was hard to play because it was so windy .
our trip to the beach included some frisbee .
most of the ladies just soaked up the sun and talked .
some decided to take a nap in the warm air .
we went for a little walk to buy drinks and snacks .
by the end of the day , we gathered together to talk about what we 'd do for dinner .
we went to the beach earlier to celebrate the fourth of july holiday .
the whole family was able to make it out . that does n't happen often so it was nice to have everyone together .
the weather cooperated really well . it was hot , of course , but at least it was n't raining as the forecast said it might .
there were lot 's of other families out and about as well .
it was a blast having the family together today . i could n't have asked for a better holiday .
the boy was having fun on the beech
but was annoying the ladies
who were trying to sleep .
people walked along
and greeted the sleepers .
i decided to take a walk down to the dock yesterday .
i wanted to check out the boats .
i could see the shore in the distance after walking for a few minutes .
when i got there it was hazy but the water was calm .
i went over to the pier to look at the boats .
a path through the green forest .
the pier with the light tower on it .
the city from a view of the beach .
the pretty blue ocean glimmering .
we watched the boats in the harbor .
this is a picture of the woods .
this is a picture of the beach .
the skyline is in the background .
this is a picture of the water .
this is a picture of sailboats .
after deciding to walk to the marina they started down the trail to get there .
as they got closer to the water everyone was getting excited .
you can see the water she told the kids .
finally at the water everyone was ready to see all the boats .
finally at the marina the children squeeled with glee at seeing the boats docked .
the trees are very green
near the water
outside of the city .
the water is very calm
and the dock is beautiful .
everyone was there to watch the beach race .
they even had a marching band there .
i participated and ran as fast as i could .
i did n't win but i gave it my best .
i saw a lot of people sleeping in the park when i ran past .
so many contestants were getting ready for the decathlon this year .
my friend was participating in the decathlon and we can see him among the participants here .
i took a clear picture of my friend during the second part of the decathlon .
the race was so long and this was the finish line .
here i am with my friend after the finish line , i was really proud of him .
family and friends gathered around to cheer their loved ones on to victory .
there was even a marching band poised for action .
dad was running at a steady pace .
another contestant took time to pose with his friend .
and the young ones were completely exhausted .
the family is cheering on the runner
near the water
he is running very hard .
he won the race
before seeing people lay on the ground .
the runners seemed to gather in a collection , preparing themselves for the race to come .
as the water seemed to calm , some of the participants stood back to admire the view .
the crowd cheered wildly as he through himself forward , the finish line coming up in the distance .
the winner of the face posed for the cameras as he took this moment to take in the new found pride he felt .
after a long , eventful day some of the gathered crowd took to catching a snooze in the bright sunshine .
i had a great time at the concert last weekend .
there were so many great bands playing .
my favorite was the one with the female singer .
she was great .
i hope i can see them play again .
the new band went up to the stage .
their music was terrible . it was some of the worst music ever made .
it was so bad that some of the audience was becoming sick .
the music was so terrible that it was actually killing people in the audience .
the band laughed as everyone in the audience died .
[female] was a master at the keyboard .
[male] could make beautiful music with his guitar .
when [female] performed again she belted out a beautiful song .
[male] was also a gifted musician and guitarist .
for her final performance [female] belted out her latest hit single to her adoring fans .
we decided to head out to a local music show .
here 's the requisite artsy black and white photo .
the band was calm at times .
looks like sleepy at times almost .
the energy did pick up as the songs went on though . great music .
the band was playing well
and had a great guitarist .
the singer had a great time
and so did the other guitarist .
they were a great band .
this is the family 's favorite picnic spot .
we wait for mom to find our football .
i love my sunglasses , mom bought them for me .
duke is happy to be with us .
our burgers will be ready in no time .
[male] the dog decided to go out for a trip .
he chugged a soda to get him energized .
he scampered down to the river bank .
and met a funny little midget-human named [male] .
together [male] and [male] made a campfire and roasted hot dogs .
we took the dog with us to hang out by the river . he enjoyed it .
we bought healthy drinks with us to keep us cool .
the river had other visitors , and the sky did n't look like it was inviting more .
my son kep his sunglasses on even though it was cloudy .
we built a fire in the firebox to toast some marshmallows before leaving .
we went out to the beach to have a relaxing afternoon .
we threw the ball around for a bit .
i noticed the kid getting tires so we moved on .
we went back to the camp area . the dog seemed happy .
we ended the night with a bonfire in a pit .
the dog was being silly
after they gave it soda
near the big bridge .
the kid had glasses on
so the fire would n't burn his eyes .
i am a beach person and any day i can spend a day at the beach either alone or with my dog or friends is a good day with low stress which is what i love .
i like to pass the time doing the simple things like just throwing rocks and other natural objects into the ocean .
if there is drift wood then i like to do what i call a drift wood sculpture like this and i know not many would call it art but i like it so it 's ok .
i like to explore also and one of my other hobbies is being a rock hound so if i can find some big rocks or small to examine then i am one happy camper and this is one big rock .
another thing that just fascinates me are the waves at the beach which i could just stand for hours and hours watching looking for only god knows what to happen but it relieves stress so i do it kind of like meditation then i go home satisfied and happy .
[male] is training at the beach .
it 's going to take lots of hard work to get his body right .
he takes a break and throws a rock into the ocean and makes a wish .
he decides to head up to his hotel room to rest .
he snaps this picture from outside of his hotel room .
[male] and his dog , [male] , decided to take a walk on the beach this morning .
[male] loved when [male] tossed rocks into the ocean .
and , the scenery was great , especially the large piece of driftwood .
and , the natural rocks lying in the sand .
they finished the day by standing on a log and enjoying the water hitting their feet .
we had a great vacation on the beach .
i enjoyed relaxing under the umbrella .
my boyfriend had a great time .
the water pond outside the hotel was beautiful .
what a pretty vacation place , cant wait to go back .
the couple and their dog spent the day at the beach .
he tossed the dogs toy for him to run and get .
the dog then spotted this big log and thought he might beable to grab and play with it .
the rock was a nice place to sit and relax for awhile .
the dog wanted to play again so he stood out of the water and played with the dog .
my wife and i took some dancing lessons .
she kept looking up at the camera .
i had to figure out what she kept looking at .
i told her when she looked at the camera , she stepped on my feet .
she laughed and gave me a kiss .
the newlywed couple are very happy at their wedding .
after the wedding it 's time to say goodbye and get in the car .
they drive to a nice little beach get away area .
the newlywed wife gets into the water for a little fun .
the newlywed couple share a nice kiss on the beach .
the start of a wedding photo album .
the bride smiled in the car .
the newly weds took a vintage picture together .
the bride got her feet wet .
they gave each other a quick smooch .
they were the perfect couple , and their wedding day had finally come .
the bridge looked luminous ; she 'd never been more excited .
they could n't wait to begin their life together .
the honeymoon would be their first stop on their life together .
it was an absolutely magical week in paradise .
the guy was so happy
that he was marrying a beautiful woman .
they were smiling
and laughing
while kissing each other .
it was a long ride to the dock .
we walked by the waters edge to view the scenery .
many people were gathered by the dock to watch the water .
in the distance we could make out a beach .
just then a sailboat passed by us .
some friends traveled together on a long bus ride .
they reached their beautiful vacation destination .
they did some sightseeing to historical spots .
they also saw some modern art in the city .
they happily posed together to remember their trip .
on the trip i took a picture of some of the people we were on the bus with .
the view overlooking the water was amazing . we could see a small sailboat in the canal .
one of the monuments we saw was this statue of a man with a lance .
i thought this sculpture was neat . it reminded me of friendship .
this was a picture of a friend of mine i was with on the trip . we had a great time .
here we are getting ready to go on a ferry tour .
it 's just my girlfriend and i .
but look at all these people who are getting ready .
and here we go !
look at this beautiful trip .
a group of students from a local college went on a trip abroad .
luckily , most of them were friends and got along very well .
upon arriving , they had to take a ferry to the island where they would be staying .
they stayed on a solitary island where there was only one hotel .
the scenery was beautiful and the students thoroughly enjoyed the trip .
it was time to hit the beach !
nothing like a good read on the beach
the water was clear and so was the sky
this was their motel room
it was in the heart of miami
the island was empty most of the time .
we took the kayaks out to the island .
once there we set up camp and had our delicious meal .
once night had fallen we had the light of the stars to light up the island .
then we just relaxed and enjoyed our new camping experience .
it 's vacation time ! we decided for our first day , we 'd do an all day adventure package .
we went snorkeling .
we saw some amazing creatures and formations in the water .
the colors were so beautiful , and the experience felt magical .
as we rose to the surface , we were sad to go , but we knew more adventures awaited us .
today , we 're heading out to that island .
here we are getting our canoes ready to go .
on the island , we caught some tasty fish for lunch .
after a long day , the stars came out to play .
what a great ending to a great day , laying with friends gazing up at the cosmos .
this is a picture of the ocean .
this is a picture of the sea .
this is a picture of a starfish .
this is a picture of coral .
this is a picture of the deep sea .
we made the trip to my sister 's wedding .
the ceremony was short and simple .
all the guests had fun .
the reception was elaborate and well planned .
the couple was most beautiful !
the vehicle was smooth and relaxing .
when we arrived , there was a small waiting line .
the man in white told me not to cut or he would call the police .
when we finally got to the back , the partners were waiting to celebrate with us .
we went to the rocky beach afterwords .
on our way to the wedding .
vows were exchanged .
everyone congratulated the happy couple .
great bunch of wedding goers !
do n't fall in the water !
the friends of the groom were on their way to the wedding .
they got to the church .
the bridesmaids were there too .
after the wedding people had a meal .
the bride and the groom were happy with their wedding .
the road trip has begun !
when they arrived , they saw their friend , looking beautiful .
today was her wedding day and they were so happy to celebrate with her .
they gathered around with her family to toast the couple .
and then everyone watched and smiled as the couple took goofy pictures .
we were returning healed sea turtles to the water .
one by one , we carried them in teams .
they were cute turtles but very very heavy .
as a group , we collaborated to execute the event .
the bus was quick enough to take us home too .
after the big storm , many sea turtles were washed off course and beached far from the waters edge .
rescuers came from miles around when word spread of the turtle 's plight .
many people picked up the hapless turtles and returned them to their watery home .
all day and into the evening everyone worked together as a team .
when the sun set and all the turtles were safely back where they belonged , a tired but happy troop returned to their homes , too .
today there was an emergency on the beach . turtles had escaped and got lost in a building .
we had to carry them back out to the ocean .
they were so heavy it took two to three of us to carry just one .
we got them all back into the water and watched them swim away .
we got in our bus and went back to rescue headquarters .
today was the day to release the rehabilitated sea turtles back into the ocean .
the conservation team 's truck transported them to the beach .
onlookers watched as the team carried the turtles to the water .
everyone crowded around the turtles to watch them swim away from the shore .
the conservation crew headed back to the truck after a job well done .
three great turtles saved .
they would be transported in a special truck .
carried to the water .
then released back into their native habitat .
everyone had volunteered .
our car broke down outside of town .
we walked into the city , but where was everyone ? no cars were on the freeway .
there were no people in their apartments .
even the streets were abandoned .
we decided to get out of there and headed towards the bridge . we have watched the walking dead before .
the city looked abandoned .
the streets were quiet .
so were the bridges .
on the other side of this field lies a serene area .
a late just on the outskirt of the city .
i went to take a drive last week .
there was no one on the roads .
i decided to drive out of the city .
i saw a squirrel .
there was also a big lake out there .
both had slickers on .
it was misty .
since they 'd be walking they needed them .
it was several blocks .
they had to go .
just me and my partner come together every year to tour a city of choice
the bridge is so long and looks like it has the strength of bad boy production
all the buildings having different lengths , heights and coloration varying from each one them
the more precise look of economical business is worth venturing as well
with the overpass it gives sultry feelings as you go under and pass over
it was a beautiful day in the ocean
the houses on the shore line were perfect
an incredible day to be outside
and the sky showed no cloud
the beach was perfect today
the vacation villa where we will be staring at for the next two weeks .
a fishing boat coming home after long days at see .
watching a yacht coming to shore .
walking in the sand .
and going for a quick swim in the warm water .
the fishermen were coming in as i glanced out of the window .
dad showed me his view of the village .
in the nearby town the locals spent most of their time enjoying the sea .
from our village we often wonder whether or not the whole village may just sweep out to sea one day .
after midday it was time for me to go to work down at the beach .
i woke this morning to a loud horn blowing , and this is the view from our window ! love it !
the buildings are beautiful around here , but i really wish someone would 've warned me to wear better shoes ! my flippys are n't doing so well in all this mud .
after trekking through the mud we found our way to the beach .
i could n't believe how many buildings were right there ! built right against the water .
after a quick dip in the ocean our attention was drawn to these buildings , we did n't get too close , as i think it was private property , but needless to say there is so much adventure to be had here !
this is a tug boat off the coast .
the area is beautiful .
i think some of the buildings are going to fall into the water .
the view is spectacular .
these windmills are very pretty .
these were the hosts of the home where i stayed in my travel .
they had a beatifully decorated patio .
the different flowers they had displayed were so colorful .
their home was near a small lake .
we would sometimes go and row for fun .
grandma was ready to see some family today .
two of her boys showed up right on time .
of course one was late as usual .
we all went to the boat out back .
and away we went down the river .
took a vacation to location . these people treated me very well .
this was outside of my hotel room . what a lovely view from my balcony .
pretty flowers that were in the water . i had to get a close up for my wall .
looking further out i saw the biggest river with a sandy walkway .
i walked almost all the way to the end of it .
aunt seri looks a little worried here .
here she discusses the boat trip with her friends .
they posed for me before we left .
there is the little boat -- no wonder she was worried !
our last look at land before the long trip across the lake .
my wife 's family still lives in location .
my wife 's mother , and her mother 's two sons , live in a nice little home in southern location .
i had the chance to spend a good deal of time with them last fall .
they took me out to see some of location 's beaches .
in all honesty , the beaches were n't very impressive , but i pretended like they were .
[male] was a real surfer , in the platonic sense . he even had that stupid accent .
above all that , though , he was absolutely skilled at surfing .
he took leaps no one else could , no one else could even dream of doing .
even when he spilled , he took it like a real champ . what a master of the waves [male] was . what a dude .
we always watched him at competitions , and he always won . he was , apparently , a regionally ranked surfer . i could only be surprised that he was n't national .
surfer riding a wave .
and got out safely .
a bird waiting for his diner .
swimming calmly along the shore .
and catching a beautiful sunset .
i was on vacation last weekend .
i spent most of my time surfing .
i found a huge bird there .
it was a lot of fun .
at night there were a lot of lights on the pier .
this is a picture of blue waves .
this is a picture of green waves .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a man surfing .
a man is surfing in the waves .
the waves were really big at the beach
the surfers were enjoying it
even the birds seemed to like the show .
later that evening it calmed down .
the sunset at the beach was beautiful .
last month we visited location where we had the opportunity to see the proverbial edge of the earth .
this tourist attraction in location had a lot of rock formations that looked majestic with the weather .
[male] loved taking pictures of the different scenery we encountered .
do n't be fooled by the name of the location , there are a lot of places to hike and here as well . we climbed this rock all by ourselves .
there are cavernous regions for those who are daring but for [male] and i the sights and the climbing was enough to fill our appetite .
this is where we took a hike along the beach .
it was very rocky and rugged and quite chilly that day .
we stopped to take pictures of the dramatic scenery .
i especially enjoyed the geologic formations .
at the end of the hike , we paused to enjoy the ocean view .
this is a picture of rocks .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a man standing .
this is a picture of gray rocks .
this is a picture of the outdoors .
the rocks were very cool looking
and the guy wanted to hike up
so he could take pictures .
he got many good shots
of the very nice scenery .
the ocean stretched out before us .
this was an interesting rock formation . it looked like one rock had fallen atop the other two .
dad posed for a photo on the ledge .
the mountain crags in the distance were gorgeous .
we found a small cave partially blocked by a boulder in which to spend the night .
two friends stayed at a hotel .
the hotel had good access to natural spot .
the hotel had good entertainment features as well like a nice swimming pool .
there was access to a bar that was frequented by other visitors .
in general , the hotel was a tranquil location .
this man and his dad got drunk one night and decided to take a vacation .
they went to somewhere very tropical .
the hotel they stayed at had a very large pool .
there were palm trees everywhere along the beach .
they ended their day by watching the sunset on a boat .
i partied with some friends of mine at a resort near the shore one weekend .
in the morning , i got up and had a look around .
the resort had a pool , which my friends planned on using that day .
nearby was the shore and a lot of amazing tropical plants .
the ocean was absolutely gorgeous , and i could see why my friends wanted to come here .
view from our room at the timeshare . this was a great idea [male] thanks .
wow , cant wait to enjoy the full day tomorrow .
pretty pool , going to head down in a bit .
[male] and i parting it p at the local bar . great beer selection .
caught this cool shot this morning . not sure what the black dot is .
stag weekend ! here is our room at the resort . this would be our home base for the weekend .
the view from out the front door . we could see for miles out over the ocean .
the resort had an awesome pool , situated along the ocean .
but more importantly , stag weekend is about going out and having fun .
and sometimes too much fun . this was our view after waking up on the beach the next day .
we 're going to have sum fun today .
fun city is a really exciting amusement park .
i love skeeter ball .
a game of golf is always a good choice .
outside in the back is the roller coaster .
mom decided to surprise the family with a trip to location location .
little [female] was so excited she practically skipped into the amusement park .
the first adventure of the day was collecting tickets for prizes from ski-ball .
the miniature golf course was one of [female] 's favorite attractions , even if her dad won the game .
at the end of the day , everyone was exhausted from the rides and games , but a great time was had !
we were on the lookout for a family outing but were strapped for cash .
guess what , we had loads of family fun waiting for us right behind us but it somehow escaped our attention .
fun city location is a hidden treasure . its like organization has come to our doorstep .
there 's miniature golf too at location location location if you are in the mood for a quiet afternoon and yet filled with fun .
now which kid would not love to hop on to these . needless to say we had a great time at location location location .
the family was very happy
to visit the game place
that had many games .
there was also a giant octopus
and a ride to go on .
with the outlet strip so close by , the family quickly debated what stores they would try first .
location location location was certainly on the list for tourists to try as it provided a plethora of games at an affordable price .
the games lay stoically side by side , waiting for the children that would soon be playing them .
stationed at the amusement park was `` pirate 's golf '' , a golf course complete with a towering octopus that loomed overhead .
at the amusement park , a large roller coaster seemed to touch the sky as the tourists walked under it .
here we are enjoying the vip box of the stadium .
me and some college buddies decided to go to the baseball game .
my friend really wanted to go out with this girl .
while we were there , we met a a couple of our class mates .
after the game we all went to this club so we make connection with the girls .
my two friends were waving to us from the beach .
my blonde friend made a funny expression .
my friend was rowing his yellow canoe in the water .
my other friend was barbequing on the grill .
my two other friends were playing a board game .
the two friends were ready for a night out .
they were joined by more of their friends .
couples always like to have their pictures taken .
the whole gang decided to ham it up for the camera .
everybody was having a great time .
headed to the pub for a night out yesterday . just some friend and i .
just out for some smoke breaks here .
another smoker joins the group .
and yet another ! great way to meet people .
everyone had a great time .
the party was a great time
there were many photos taken
with couples
and friends
and even very large groups .
little ziti enjoyed his car ride .
we stopped and got out near a portable propane tank .
ziti seemed to enjoy the landscape .
here ziti is with his family .
and off into the sunset they walk ...
we packed up the pooch for our family trip .
when we finally arrived we were welcomed with all kinds of old timey mountain treats .
it was a good thing we drove the suv because the roads were non existent .
grandpa stopped to take a tic of me , mom , and dad .
but in the end , the best part of the trip was probably the view !
our dog was ready to hop out of the suv .
we stopped off of the main road .
we wanted to get shots of the rocks .
here 's our family photo .
we agreed to take a quick hike .
a family took their dog on their vacation .
they arrived at their destination and saw a unique vehicle !
the dog was scared , but he eventually came out of the vehicle .
they posed for a couple of pictures as a family !
the dog wanted to explore the area .
our puppy jumped out of the car on our road trip last week .
it seemed as if we would never find it in the vast expanse .
we drove around for hours looking for that dog .
finally , we tracked him down and the whole family was so happy .
after that we were able to fully enjoy the rest of our vacation .
this beach contains a heavy , abandoned telephone pole that you might wish to salvage .
if you plan to lift that heavy pole , you can prepare by practicing with imaginary barbells .
the beach provides sailboat parking . can you load the telephone pole onto a boat ?
a nearby lakeside picnic area provides table top parking for bicycles . not much help old moving old utility poles .
that leaves a boat as your best choice . however , you need to navigate around the sharp rocks carefully . do n't hurt your back ; lift with your knees .
we took a trip out to location location last weekend .
it was nice to sit around and visit .
the lake was nice and cool and inviting .
[male] brought his boat too .
he was eager to take us for a sail .
this is a picture of an ocean .
this is a picture of a woman outside .
this is a picture of a white boat .
this is a picture of the shore .
this is a picture of a rock .
we took the path that led to the beach .
we made brief camp along the way before continuing .
we finally arrived at our destination .
we walked the coast and came up on a boat .
the man who owned it was friendly and hung out with us for a bit .
the shore was calm
when the lady checked her phone .
then the boat came up
and the lady left
before she saw a big rock .
from my resort window is the view of the lake .
my kids and i are enjoying the sand .
a boater is just in front of us .
my daughters are playing games and hiding things in the beach .
the lake keeps me relaxed .
as we arrived the building piqued our interest as though an omen of something special .
being by the lake made for a good ambiance .
the kids could play while we relaxed .
there was even some just us alone time .
we 'll always have some vivid , up close , memories of this trip .
this is a picture of a building .
this is a picture of the beach .
this is a picture of people kayaking .
people are laughing at the beach .
this is a picture of an empty beach .
we could finally take off on a well deserved family vacation . this is a pic of our resort in location .
the weather was a bit foggy no doubt but still did not dampen our spirits .
tons of boating waiting for us and aqua life to sea .
aw , ai n't that pretty . this is only time our kids did noy quibble in a long while
the sight for sore eyes . if only this escapade went on forever .
the window shades were open
and the kids were playing
along the cool water .
they jumped up and down
before they saw the waves tremble .
we 're about to leave our little cabin in the wood and go for a trek !
[male] did n't want to stay in the cabin so he convinced us all to go with him .
we took our beloved horses with us , we thought that some exercise would be great for them as well .
the trek was just lovely , and we followed a stream all the way to the end , breathing in the beautiful sight and fresh air .
this is the picture we took at the end of our trek , just in time for the sunset !
my father is a crazy old fool that lives out in the wild .
he says the grass tells him secrets .
we climbed up this cliff . i almost got pushed off .
we saw this dam . my dad said this dam was built to hold in his secrets .
i was able to escape my father by traveling with these horse riders .
we left the cottage to see the sights .
we stopped by the shore and started exploring
people where up on the rocky ledge above us .
from there , we visited the local damn before hitting the road .
on the way back we were ran into by a group of horses .
[male] decided to take a vacation at a nice little cabin .
he wanted to stay somewhere rustic and near the mountains .
[male] had to ride horses to get to his mountain cabin .
while riding his horse he passed this lovely stream .
this is the view from the porch of his cabin .
the house was nice
along the river bank .
the man went on a horse ride
to see the forest
and the big lake .
enjoying a very tasty sandwich with my sweetheart .
did some site seeing . could n't believe how tall many of the buildings were .
listened to some music in the park.there were a few great bands .
a lot of people showed up.turned out to be a big even in our park .
sitting in the shade.the sun was in my eyes.luckily nobody else was under the tree.had a great day in the park .
we rushed down to the market . we could n't look suspicious , but we moved as fast as we could .
but we were too late . the grilled cheese had taken over everyone .
we were forced to pray to the mighty grilled cheese .
it welcomed us with open arms .
we are one with the grilled cheese . let its deliciousness flow through us forever .
it was a great day for shopping at the outdoor mall , and a husband and wife sauntered past a bookstore .
soon the couple got very hungry , so they decided to try some free samples a restaurant was offering .
later , when it was time for lunch , the man ordered a delicious sandwich .
they sat down on a bench to enjoy their lunch .
a woman sitting next to them showed them the food she was eating , but they were happy with their own choices .
people are sitting on a bench .
this is a picture of a building .
this is a picture of a band .
this is a picture of a gathering .
this is a picture of people sitting .
the new couple decided to take a trip together , but so far their trip has been boring .
what better way to spice things up than with some food ?
local delicacies are great , even when they 're dead simple .
the couple 's spirits are improving already !
even if the sandwiches do n't satisfy their appetite , there are plenty of interesting foods out there for them to try .
this is where i went on vacation .
i took a hike up the mountain and into the forest .
the view was amazing .
i was loving the scenery until i saw this .
the silly bear followed me everywhere i went until i got on the other side of an electric fence .
check out these beautiful vacation photos
i loved the blue filter i used
of course i took a nice photo of [male] .
[male] also took a photo of me
then the boat came to take us back to the airport
[male] started at sea level .
he hiked up the mountain so high that the cars looked like ants
the brave adventurer continued , nothing could stop him..
wait is that a bear ? run !
[male] jumped clear over the fence and thinking he was safe stopped to take another picture .
first , we went to the beach .
later , we traveled to the mountains .
as we got higher , we got a closer view of the skies .
the mountains were green and lively .
lastly , we got to see a friendly bear .
the docks are beautiful when the sun is coming out .
looks like another world !
great place to hike . clean air and beautiful sights .
lots of people to see . wish i brought my rollerblades too .
this is my baby . i try to take it out at least once a week .
i bought an old camera at an online auction .
it came with a long lens .
i have n't used real film for awhile .
it also came with batteries for the flash .
the tripod will help me take time lapse pictures .
i 've got all of my cooking gear for hiking the long trail .
plenty of film to document my journey .
my trusty canon to take some great pictures .
all of my hygiene gear for cleaning up and feeling human again .
this is what i will be living out of for the next 30 days while hiking .
we decided that we 're going to go camping so i packed all of the things i 'll need for the trip .
i have film to catch all of the precious memories .
ca n't forget the camera . what 's film without a camera ?
ah , yes ! must keep up my hygiene on the trip !
and now i 'm all packed and ready to go .
she was trying to sell her camera so she could have a little extra money .
the lens itself cost almost as much as the camera did .
it even includes the film that the person would need to get developed .
it also includes the batteries that the camera will need .
finally it also comes with a tripod . this is a very great deal .
i still use a 35 mm camera .
the extra lens comes in handy for long distance shooting .
film comes in containers and has to be later developed .
batteries are essential for adding light to flash pictures .
a tripod is necessary for team or group timed shots .
we took the kids to the beach today , they love the sand .
heres our daughter dragging her brother into the water .
the littlest one loved digging for sea shells .
this beach even had some beautiful flowers that helped fill the air with sweetness .
walking back to the car my feet were killing me but it was a great day .
the beach by the resort was jaw dropping .
my two children played until they were exhausted .
i snapped a photo of this mountain hoping that one day we could climb it together .
next , we found these lovely flowers to embrace .
i walked barefoot in the sand to really cherish the experience .
this is such a picture perfect day to go to the beach with the family .
brother and sister ca n't wait to get to the water .
mom is there to make sure everything goes well and the children are safe .
these flowers are growing near the beach , so vibrant in color .
making footprints in the sand is easy because its wet .
the beach is such a perfect , quiet beach for a vacation .
it 's a great place to take the kids ,
so that both mom and son can have fun .
there 's beautiful nature around the beach ,
and of course , you can walk barefoot , which is always a plus !
today we took a family trip to the beach .
the kids had so much fun running in the sand .
then we built sand castles together .
we did discover some beautiful pink flowers .
before leaving i did manage to get to walk barefoot in the sand . it was so relaxing .
grandpa stayed on the side lines and dd nothing more then enjoy the over the view .
the little boy ran up and down the shore lin playing in the water .
the little kids sat on beach as the waves washed over them .
after the beach the family walked down the pier in search of more fun .
the next day they returned to the beach and relaxed by laying together .
when i went to the beach there were a lot of kids playing .
they were having a lot of fun .
the waves were very cold .
the weather was very good .
i spent all afternoon there .
my dad sitting at the beach relaxing .
my son playing by the ocean .
my two kids sitting on the beach where they can get wet .
her dad carrying her down the park way .
with the kids with the grandparents , my husband and i are relaxing on the beach .
a man fell asleep and had a dream .
he dreamt he was a child playing on the beach .
he met the love of his life , and they sat watching the waves .
the trees were beautiful on the beach .
they grew old together there .
our trip to the beach started with grandpa watching over the children while they played on the beach .
the boy loved to play in the waves and look for seashells .
the two kid shared a moment together while looking out at the boats in the ocean .
the father then carried the daughter into town to but some beach toys .
to finish off the day the two parents relaxed by laying on the sand and soaking in the sun .
it was a nice family reunion for the mccall family . uncle sven let cousin [male] try some of his stew .
cousin [male] took a bite too and said it was too spicy for him .
they all sat down and watched uncle sven 's wedding video and had a good cry and laugh .
they all gathered for a nice family picture together before the day was over and while everyone was still there .
they took another one , this time aunt [female] switched with uncle [male] to be in the picture this time ! it was a great day .
we had a big birthday party for my father .
we were all present and posing for pictures .
everyone wanted to get in our pictures and tried to fit in many ways .
after the pictures we are dinner .
then the rest of the night we talked and laughed the night away .
had a family get together for grandpas birthday
here we are enjoyingdrinks and playing video games .
i always love family get togethers except when my brother takes over the video games and beats us .
time to eat . this food is great ! mom always cooks the best .
we all have full stomachs but still have room for dessert .
a large meal was cooked for a family gathering .
the older chef let two younger men have a sneak-preview taste of the meal .
during the gathering , the family watched a wedding video .
all the people gathered for one portrait .
the previous portrait left out one family member , so a woman traded places with the photographer to take another portrait .
today , we are having a birthday party !
we have gathered all of the friends and family .
some of us have come from very far away .
we will serve food at the party .
we will all drink and play games .
we took the tree lined road to the park one day .
we passed the lake before getting to the park .
we walked down the hill along the rocks .
there were steps leading down to the edge of the lake .
at the lake 's edge was the beautiful mansion we came to see .
i went for a quick walk down the street one day .
there were a lot of ponds in people 's yards .
when i got to the bridge i decided to walk over it .
there was a beautiful building on the other side .
after being out for an hour i went back home .
it was a beautiful fall day for a jog .
going strong around the lake .
is that a watcher in the woods ? no just my imagination .
i was glad to see another innocent person .
i think ill stick closer to the buildings next time .
the trees were very pretty
and the lake was calm
near the rocks
that had a staircase .
the city nearby had a large building .
as the group hiked across the rolling hills they came across a great deal of graffiti over the natural environment .
this time of year , even though the air was drying than normal there was still serenity to be found .
by midday the area fell into a sort of calm near the lake and many people enjoyed the tranquility it brought .
the boathouse near the lake bustled with activity this time of day .
the overlapping , beautiful trees made a walk in the park that much more enjoyable .
the family is enjoying their vacation .
this dog stayed at their hotel .
the hotel was close to some beautiful nature spots .
the family loved seeing the idyllic views .
they also enjoyed the dense jungle trails .
visiting his little cousin .
swimming in the cascade .
watching the sunset by the shore .
having dinner with friends .
taking shot at the bar .
my brothers are goofy .
the waterfall was so fun .
look at the sunset .
everyone say `` cheese . ''
here 's the guys at the bar .
[male] takes his silly little brother out of the resort .
they find a rushing waterfall and do some swimming with some of [male] 's friends .
as evening approaches , [male] takes his little brother home so he can spend some time with his friends .
[male] first enjoys a big meal with all his friends .
soon many of his friends depart , but a few stay back with [male] and drink until early in the morning .
a group of friends decided to go on a trip to a deep jungle .
on the trip they made new , interesting friends .
they also explored beautiful new places .
they stayed right on the beach and was able to watch the sun set every night .
finally , their adventure was over and they had to hike out of their oasis .
it was a blisteringly hot day .
we decided to go to the water park to cool off .
one of us tried to surf !
other caught some rays in the sand .
afterwards , we had burgers on the grill .
i went to a local festival .
they had a man made beach .
they also had a pool to play in .
there was also a punk rock band performing .
and they were selling hamburgers to raise money for charity .
it was a beautiful day for the waterpark .
the pool was refreshing and my brother enjoyed it .
there was a surfing game that my younger brother masters .
on the beach , the boys rested in the sand .
later , we grilled burgers for everyone .
a person is surfing .
this is a picture of water .
this is a picture of mock surfing .
people are sunbathing .
burgers are being grilled .
it was a beautiful sunny day as we began our summer vacation .
the pool was just the perfect temperature for a quick dip .
easy and safe surfing lessons were available for anyone who was interested .
sandcastles were on everyone 's bucket list , and were the final stop of the day .
we were finishing the day with a cookout on the beach . it was more delicious with the salty waves lapping at our feet .
going through some old family photos i found this picture of my great great grandma .
this is my great great grandpa.they met on that pier my great great grandma is standing on in the picture .
amazing large family reunion and wedding photo.so many family members i would never have known.amazing that this is my family .
this is my aunt [female] my great great grandma 's sister .
this is their other sister [female] . they had the most beautiful dresses back then.things were so much more simpler then .
i was such a cute baby .
my parent when they were younger .
my father is working on his airplane .
he also loves to fly when ever he can .
my father just got back from his trip .
a woman looks through old family photos . she finds her mother 's baby photo .
she finds a photo of her great grand parents
she also finds a photo of her grand father .
he was a pilot .
this was a picture of his plane .
[female] was from a wealthy family that liked to travel .
[male] was from a wealthy family as well .
[female] and [male] were married shortly after meeting .
they had 2 daughters , the oldest being [female] .
the youngest named [female] .
the sailor stood by the boat
and then changed outfits
to go to the ball .
his mother was very beautiful
and he found a photo of her .
we started off with a appetizer . was n't quite sure what the day had in store for us .
found some rides and got my friend to ride a couple of them.the scariest was this roller coaster that made loops .
my dear friend [male] and i on the pier near the car show .
the car show had so many cars to look at.there were quite a few vendors as well.luckily i did n't eat much before we left.there was some great food to sample here .
some of our family we ran into at the beach.sneaking a picture of them through the porch sides .
we saw all these flowers as we we walking .
lunch was really relaxing and good .
the rides were extremely fun to go on .
we are walking down the pier looking at the ocean .
we saw so many cars that were all the the same make and model .
this is a picture of a coffee .
this is a picture of a rollercoaster .
this is a picture of a boardwalk .
this is a picture of a parking lot .
this is a picture of outdoors .
the first thing we did or our trip was have lunch .
next , we went on a premier roller coaster at the park .
afterward we stopped by the ocean to rest a bit and take in the view .
after we had our fill of the park went decided to head out to the beach .
after arriving , we spend the afternoon playing around and relaxing .
the food was very good
that was eaten before the ride .
the two guys took photos
before going to the market
and see many cool statues .
people started to come to join or watch the walking race to celebrate organization organization 's decision to permit same sex marriage .
the crowd seemed to be in festive mood .
some parents brought their kids to the event .
it was about five miles from the starting point to the finish line .
my friend who joined the race fell asleep in the car right away because he was very exhausted . overall , it was a good day for everyone attending the event .
i went the parade in downtown last week .
there were so many performers . a lot of them were dressed like [male] .
there were tons of people there . i could barely move around .
some of the runners had some interesting clothing .
afterward i went out into the field to watch some of the wildlife .
the day of the walk for the benefit many participants showed up .
we were all in shock of how many people were there to support the cause .
the streets were so crowded we sometimes had to stop and wait for our chance to continue down the road .
finally crossing the finish line !
everyone was so tired on the way home but it was a great day .
we joined the walk going on in the city .
there where a lot of people participating .
we continued on down the street . meeting colorful people along the way .
we got to the finish line and started to head back .
we got on a bus and headed home .
there were lots of people
preparing to finish the race .
they were walking and running
and then got to the finish line
before they cheered .
we began our walk early in the morning , excited by the day ahead .
the road turned into a trail a few miles in .
there were some dangerous cliffs along the way .
other areas looked like a fire had recently started .
we eventually came across a beautiful meadow that spanned on and on . that was my favorite part of our trip .
what a day . i get to go to the state park .
the winding road cuts right through the woods .
flowers are abundant along the hillsides .
a river flows between rock formations .
the campsite is ready and the fire is out .
[male] was on his way to meet his daughter in location location .
he took the scenic route through the mountains .
he saw rocks on the mountain on his way to location .
he also saw burnt trees in the forest .
it was spring on his way back to his home after 3 months .
this is a picture of a man outside .
this is a picture of an empty road .
this is a picture of rocks .
this is a picture of the woods .
this is a picture of flowers .
the man was happy
to see the trees
and the giant rocks .
the trees were dying
but the flowers were in full bloom .
we went sailing during our visit to the peir .
[female] and [male] trying to feed some birds .
the kiddos riding some trucks at one of the concessions .
[female] enjoying the bungee activity .
[male] trying to go higher than [female] did .
with my beautiful best friend [female] .
this is our kids [female] and [male]
[male] on action driving duck car .
having fun on his fist time on jumping up .
[male] is suffering cancer but she still keep on smiling the world .
the kids execute the plan they 're been working on all week . tie up the adults and escape to the fun fair all day ! quick , yes , they got dad and mom is locked in the bathroom . the plan is executed perfectly !
they set sail for the mainland . the adults are safely out the way and it 's time for some fun .
first , it 's the racetrack . slipping on the top gun shades , mikey hops aboard the blue beast and races around the track .
[female] goes for the crazier option . she wants to be first on the bungee sling .
not to be outdone , davey is up next . `` shoot me higher than [female] '' he shouts . he always has to go one better .
the family had been hoping for this adventure for a long time .
the boys watched as mom set up the video camera for the big day .
he was so happy to have a day that promised only good things . he loved the duck ride .
the boy practiced his superhero flight tricks , hoping one day he would n't need the safety ropes .
he smiled , thinking of all the fun things they had done , hoping that there would be many more days like this one .
when we arrived on the boat the captain gave a safety lecture .
the children were excited and happy to be there .
[male] took a spin in a bumper car .
[male] tried the harness ride rather sheepishly at first .
nate really took to the harness ride fearlessly .
from the helicopter , we could see a nice sky view .
when we got back down to the ground , we observed the homes .
we took a journey to a historical monument afterwords .
on our way home , we ran into this man on horseback .
my husband took a picture at the beach before we left .
two men went on a road trip .
in one of their stops , the men rode horses to get a taste of nature .
they experienced the roadside oddities that road trips are famous for .
the men drove to the ocean and saw sailboats .
they also visited famous government monuments .
i went on a long vacation with my family one summer , and started it off with a plane ride .
we found a place out in the country where people built traditional indian teepees .
we went to location location location to see the organization organization .
then my dad made us go out into the country to ride horses .
we ended it at the beach , posing for pictures as the sun set .
we went on a road trip to location .
then we passed a field with people riding horses .
after that we came to the location casino .
we took a trip to the closest lake to location location .
at the end of the day , we went back to location location in location location .
this was the view from our airplane before landing for our trip .
it was a historical area and here you can see mini teepees built .
this was a historical monument that was around the area .
there were many interesting things to see including this man riding a horse in the middle of the street .
it was fun but an exhausting day in the end .
they explored the forest first .
many animals were about .
now it was time to check out the sea .
such beauty was down below .
the sunset capped the perfect day .
we visited a nearby island for a quick vacation recently .
we had to share the beach with the local residents .
this turtle was going for a swim .
sundown at the beach was a thing of beauty .
just a perfect end to a really nice day .
we found an awesome little spot for our vacation .
the water was pretty .
there was lots of wildlife , the sea turtles were awesome to watch .
the sunsets were beautiful .
what a great way to end our vacation .
we went to the jungle .
we saw a lot of cool animals .
then we went swimming !
the fish were awesome .
we ended the day with a beautiful sunset .
while on vacation the couple saw a huge bamboo field .
a goose was grazing on grass .
the couple posed for a photo with goggles and a snorkel on .
they went snorkeling and saw some tropical fish .
the sunset on a beautiful and memorable day .
the friends were having fun .
their vacation plans had been a success .
they chose to go to location so they could support their team .
everyone had a good time at the game .
after the game it was time for another celebration .
the guys went out to celebrate [male] 's last day of freedom
someone decided `` lets go to the beach instead '' .
we met some girls , which may have been a mistake .
for a while we could n't find [male] so we hung out at the beach .
now [male] has many , many more days of freedom .
the guys got together at the bar .
here we are on top of the rocks .
some of the ladies joined in .
we hiked to the beach next .
here 's my awesome tan .
the gang gathered at their favorite place to have a drink .
everyone was ready for active day .
of course , we all brought our girlfriends .
the beach was wonderful and refreshments were close by .
[male] was making faces at me in our hotel room .
a group of friends decided to go out to lunch together .
they went to the beach afterwards , but the water was too cool to swim .
later on , they went to a game together .
their team won and they were very excited .
they went out on a party bus afterwards to celebrate the win .
i was really excited to graduate today .
my girlfriend was there to support me .
my parents wanted to come as well .
the ceremony was huge .
there were a lot of people in the audience attending the event .
it 's my graduation day . i like my cap and gown , and i love the medal .
my girlfriend [female] is coming , of course . she 'll graduate next year .
i mean it when i say i could n't have accomplished anything in school without my parents .
my grandfather is coming too , that 's very cool . he 's an inspirational man .
it 's evening , we 're at the stadium , the ceremony is about to start . what a great time .
[male] graduated from the college this year in [female] .
her girlfriend congratulated him on his graduation .
his parents visited him to attend the graduation ceremony .
later that afternoon [male] visited his grandfather and cousin [female] .
later at night the graduation ceremony was held at the stadium .
a man has just graduated from school .
a sister poses with her boyfriend .
a man poses with his parents .
a man poses with his grandpa .
this is a picture of a field .
the man was graduating
and took photos near the flowers
with his parents too .
the graduation was on a field
and there was lots of cheers .
we decided to follow a path during our summer vacation , not knowing where it would lead us .
we made our way to the beach and saw this neat little cabin , inhabited , and we decided to get closer .
the beach was so beautiful that the cabin was quickly forgotten , and , instead , we decided to take panoramic pictures of the sights .
it was really worth it , with the sun setting and the waves crashing on the rocks .
we even got to take this awesome picture of [male] standing on the cliffs just right after the sunset .
the sandy dunes marked the spot where we began our morning walk .
we spied a lone surfer in the distance .
we passed by a lifeguard 's stand .
beautiful views were all around !
it was a great spot for solitude and contemplation .
we wanted to see the beach before the autumn air made it more difficult .
the lifeguard stand was empty and had been since the weather started getting cooler .
the water looked just as beautiful even though we knew it was cold .
the waves were peaceful and relaxing .
before we left we climbed up to the summit to watch the sunset .
the grass was blowing
near the beach house .
the waves were coming up
and hitting the rocks
when the sun was going down .
the wind picked up and the rolling hill seemed to come alive as the breeze passed through the foliage .
as the water lapped against the rocks at the edge of the mountain , a lone figure watched it peacefully .
the gentle waves caressed the side of the beach as the solitary beach house loomed over them .
light hit the top of the hill , illuminating it against the storm that began to press in from the west .
a figure stood at the top of the mountain overpass , looking down at the peaceful lake below .
[female] loved eating authentic mexican food .
the enchilada she ordered was too big and she shared it with her family .
when they left the restaurant , everyone decided to walk along the beach shore .
dad had been to location before but never brought his kids there .
[female] and [female] had an amazing vacation with their dad , and wanted to bring him on vacation next year !
the family decided to go to the beach today with our best friend .
dad and debating on whether or not we should try the sea .
finally we just got our feet wet and that was it .
dad thought the water was a bit cold and was n't going for a swim .
we felt a little hungry and we went to the restaurant on the boardwalk .
we had a great time walking along the beach but dad got some stones in his shoes
dad and i enjoy some quality bonding time while strolling along the beatiful sand beach
we decided to wade into the water and see how warm it was
after wading we head back to the beach to clean off our shoes
we had a celebration dinner that included a huge but delicious burrito
this is a picture of a young girl .
this is a picture of a mexican plate .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of three people .
two friends are sitting on a bench .
the girl really liked the food
that had lots of sauce on it .
after they went to the beach
and walked along
before they took photos .
the friends started the day with a meal .
a nice brunch sounded appealing to them .
the food was delicious and gave them the energy they needed for the day .
after brunch they went site seeing .
the first visit they made was to view the historic bridge .
i got out my camera . i had to witness this historic moment .
the soldiers marched the streets , playing strange instruments .
their flag was displayed proudly , a sign of their dominance .
one of the soldiers played the drums of victory .
their nation had conquered ours . it was the end of our world .
people at eating at a restaurant .
this is a picture of a restaurant menu .
this is a picture of potatoes .
a man is taking a picture .
this is a picture of water .
this evening we met a group of friends for dinner and sightseeing .
we at the `` mad hatter '' special , and it was fantastic !
the potatoes were saved for last . lovely dish !
after dinner , we strolled out to the town . we got great photos of the river .
this was our beautiful view as we walked along the street .
the guy was taking photos
of the people playing music .
they were lining up
to play big drums
and wave the turkish flag .
the organization organization organization organization is a 4 hour drive north of town .
the long drive was worth it . this place is beautiful .
here is a map of the camp . this place is huge .
this is the bunkhouse , where i sleep . i share the bunkhouse with 5 other researchers .
the trees here are amazing . i have never seen such tall trees before .
there was a lot of old equipment at the old lodge in the woods .
it was a long walk there but we eventually made it .
the trees are so tall out there .
the lodge was already run down when we got there .
we tried to salvage what we could .
this is a picture of the cabin .
this is the picture of the woods .
this is a picture of trees .
this is a picture of a shack .
this is a picture of a building .
the nagoonberry sign was pretty
near the big forest
and the tall trees .
the warehouse was being constructed
after it got some new wood .
it was a long drive toward the mountain cabin
finally we arrived our cabin at nagoonberry .
the map outside the campground was hard to read , but we found our campsite .
bunk beds - i get the top bunk !
after stashing our gear , we went outside to look at the enormous trees stretching to the sky .
i spent all day at the beach .
it started to get dark but i did n't want to go back home .
the tide started to come in .
i saw the moon overhead after about an hour .
i decided to leave before it got too dark .
we found each other on the beach , like always .
it was quiet . no one else was around but us .
we whispered secrets into each others ears .
we accepted our fates and waited on the beach .
we both died under the moonlight .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of sunset .
this is a picture of the clear water .
this is the picture of nighttime .
the beach is totally empty .
after it got late , we decided to take a long walk on the beach .
it was a beautiful sight with the waves cashing in .
i 'm glad my wife really enjoyed the stroll as well .
it was getting really dark at this point so we decided to head on back .
after we were back at the hotel , we looked out into the night sky and reflected on the day .
the sunset was going down
when the people could n't see .
they were having a good time
even though it was getting dark .
the beach was pretty at night .
the strawberry festival was something that people of all ages waited for all year .
mothers and daughters walked there in expectation ,
of eating fresh strawberries covered with whipped cream .
entire families went to enjoy the delicious food .
and after much fun , everyone went back to their homes .
we had an amazing time at the strawberry festival .
we all had huge bowls of strawberries with whipped cream .
take a look at our plates , they were amazing !
the whole fairgrounds had dancers and people in costume .
everyone was participating and having a good time , including the kids .
it 's a beautiful day for the annual strawberry festival !
all of our friends visit for the festival fun .
nothing beats strawberries piled high with whipped cream .
all kinds of fun at the festival this year including llamas .
the kids found a way to cool off when the festival got too warm .
well now , how could anyone pass up a sign like that ? off we go to the strawberry festival !
berries for all with a dollop of whipped cream . i think i 'll have seconds ... or thirds .
here 's a close up for nostalgia 's sake . i could just eat this picture !
and of course there 's the obligatory strawberry llama . wait ... what ?
i really hope this is n't how our strawberries were washed .
we went to the strawberry festival .
a woman drags her kids in the wagon .
this dish had strawberries with whipped cream on top .
the people really enjoyed the strawberries .
lastly , the festival came to an end .
we gon na bring this for our desert adventure .
here we go and we are all ready .
so hot and we can not find any trees here and full of sand .
me and my partner in the middle of the desert .
having fun just to enjoy the place .
one of the native workers digging at the excavation site .
the mountains along the coast were beatuiful .
our group going out on a boat tour .
party time after a long day of working and tours .
this was a really interesting rock formation in the desert near by .
we took a tour of ancient civilizations in location . we started through a tour in a cavernous area .
we got a great picture of the hills and valleys of the land .
the water was so beautiful and clear .
and of course we had to pick up some beer !
it 's amazing the things you can see from history .
we got some local drinks !
but it took a long car ride .
the street was barren .
we saw some people on the road .
man , they were crazy .
we had a couple of drinks before we traveled .
we traveled by car .
the land was open and had a couple of houses .
the land was barren , but open .
lastly , we felt the temperature of the ground by laying on our stomachs .
me and my buddies went biking in the mountains last weekend .
the terrain was rough , but doable .
it was neat to read about the area and the different layers of rock .
this shows the different layers . amazing !
we took a break and had lunch while enjoying the view .
the boys getting ready to go riding in the desert .
[male] almost taking a digger , but hanging on .
this was our brief yet filling lunch break .
[male] posing on the edge of a cliff .
a very unique rock formation in the middle of the desert .
this is a picture of a group of friends .
this is a man biking .
this is a picture of a sign .
this is a picture of a canyon .
this is a picture of a group of people .
we 've decided to trail bike in the desert today .
the sand is tricky to ride through .
steep edges challenge even the most experienced .
the victory stance after having made it through the day .
the desert has many unusual and eye catching formations .
the bikers were leaving for go on the mountains
and down the cliffs .
they were taking a break
to view the cliff
and the pretty landscape .
hazardous water sign .
undrinkable water and waste .
walking along the train tracks .
duck swimming in the lake .
watching the sunset .
a day at the park just me and my dog .
took this path first what a beautiful picture i see before me .
here we came across a little bridge and stream .
watching the water is wonderful and relieves stress .
ran across this sign they must have boats in this water .
a local government has shut down different water ways because of a potential pollution hazard .
they shut down the water ways because of a potential sewage leak .
the sewage link is believed to have come from an old abandoned subway track .
wildlife seem unaffected at this point .
the city government hopes to have it cleaned up soon .
we are experiencing one of the warmest summers on record , but we ca n't hop into the river because it is polluted .
sometimes i 'm tempted to jump off the bridge into the water and take my chances .
there are so few other things to do outside near my home .
if the ducks can survive the water i probably can , too .
if the sun keeps shining i will have no choice but to take a swim .
the sign warned them
not to enter the bridge .
they took the tunnels
and they saw a duck
in the sunset .
with the weather so nice we decided to head down to the boat and take it for a cruise .
once on board and making the departing preparations we were on our way .
on the way out of the harbor we saw several sea lions on the channel marker , soaking up the sun .
the pelicans gathered in large groups with the low tide offering them a feast .
once out on the open water , we spent the rest of the day just cruising along .
we spent over a month at sea in this ship .
here i am working on deck .
the deck was n't as big as you might imagine .
we saw seals and all kinds of wildlife that i 've never seen in the wild !
this was a welcome sight as it meant we were nearing home !
the young man wanted to do more in the boat , but his dad would not let him .
his dad was the captain and did all the work alone .
every day was the same and the dad wouldnot let his son help .
all the son could do was look out at the animals .
eventually their business closed because of the dad 's selfishness .
i had a beautiful view of the ocean from the boat .
my friend getting a good look out the window .
i saw some seals hanging out and enjoying the sun .
there were dozens of beds lined up looking for food along the shore .
the view from when i was relaxing in the back of the boat .
the family went out on their boat .
they had a fancy boat with a nice interior .
there was a lot of nature outside .
the birds flocked the shore .
it was a fun day on the boat .
our winter at home are very beautiful and lonely .
as far as the eyes can see there is snow , snow , and more snow .
even walking between the barn and the house can be a chore .
the sun shines brightly , but does little to warm the air up .
even the trees the sunlight shines on the ice and creates some beautiful scenery .
i was out walking in the snow and somehow got lost .
i do not know which way to go to get back to the farm .
the sun is going down and soon it would be dark .
those fence post sure look familiar .
well , i can relax now and get something hot to drink .
my favorite time of year is winter .
i was so excited to go on a retreat with my work to a winter cabin .
we stayed in log cabins using only sleeping bags .
the weekend was designed to increase our team building skills .
everybody had a great time and by the end of the weekend we all felt rejuvenated .
we took a winter vacation to the mountains .
here you can see the tracks we made in the snow .
then , we wanted to go sled riding . the snow has the tracks from us dragging the sled .
we stopped to take a picture of the beautiful , clear sky with the bright shining sun .
all of the trees around us were snow covered , and it was beautiful .
we had a brief weekend stop in beautiful location .
the snow looked so beautiful , as if it was here all along .
we took a snow bike , and these were the trails from the tires of the snow bike .
the sun setting was absolutely the most enchanting thing that i have seen in my life .
the way the sun was setting behind the tress , was simply stunning .
one day we were jogging on the beach .
suddenly the water became very still .
we noticed a pile of colored flags but what was it ?
then we came upon an odd stone with hieroglyphs written upon it . could aliens have been here ?
then we saw it ! a massive flying saucer took off over our heads . we will never forget that day .
we decided to hike to the lake .
there was a sign in chinese that marked the trail .
we set off from the camp with bright flags .
it was a long walk to the lake , some of our group lagged behind .
when we all reached the lakeshore , we came together for a group photo .
my first time to the chinese north sea .
it was so narrow and blue .
i found a large mound of colored trash surrounded by colored flags .
i also found a huge rock with chinese symbols all over it .
the man were saluting it and waving their hands around . it was weird .
i went to the beach last weekend .
the view was amazing .
there was a lot of decorations around .
there were some monuments as well .
we had a great time there .
the lake shone brightly as the group looked down .
on their way to the water they stumbled across a rock with symbols on it .
they continued walking and began to see colors , it looked like a festival .
not wanting to disturb they walked the other direction .
they all pulled out their cameras to take a picture to remember .
this was a view from our private balcony .
there was a nice park near the resort along the lake .
we loved relaxing in the park and people watching .
the beach glowed right around sunset .
we ca n't wait to visit this place again !
the park is a quiet place .
you can play on the water .
the trees are good for shade .
the city is s busy place .
the water is a beautiful place .
went to location 's coast and i 'm glad i did .
palm trees everywhere and such shady areas .
i sat here for a couple of hours basking in the sun .
this is a picture from my hotel room . i am happy to be here .
this is from the helicopter ride i took . amazing view .
i arrived at my hotel and walked out onto the balcony . the view from my balcony is spectacular .
after freshening up in the hotel i took a walk around the grounds to explore .
it was so peaceful walking around and seeing the sights .
i headed back to my hotel and took another moment to admire my view .
then i went on a sight seeing excursion on a boat along the bay . there were great views of the city !
i had always heard great things about beaches in location location so i visited one last weekend .
the weather was pretty gloomy , so the situation was n't ideal .
i was particularly shocked to see palm trees in location location .
i was not at all surprised to see the tall buildings along the coast line .
once the weather cleared up , i went to my hotel balcony and caught a great glimpse of the ocean and it 's beauty .
we started our beach tour at the lighthouse .
from it , we could see for miles .
the shores rocks were chiseled .
the wind had eaten them away .
when dust fell , we felt like we had witnessed greatness .
[male] was on vacation for an entire two weeks but there were so many places to go he could n't decide .
so , on day one he just headed out on the road .
he spent time just lazing on the beaches .
sometimes he toured tourist attractions like historic lighthouses .
when the two weeks had ended he headed home with the sunset happy and satisfied .
my trip to the haunted lighthouse was so scary . i went inside and i felt spirits all around me .
after i left i had a vision of this cliff .
i left off it and landed on the shore .
i ran after i had my vision and ended up at a similar shore and i wanted to jump so badly .
i got in my car and drove back home as fast as i could .
today we stood before a beautiful light house on our vacation
the beautiful coastline stood before us , we were in awe .
the rocky crags at the beach were just one of many sights we took pictures to remember
a last photo of the ocean that we wanted to share
and the last sunset on our way back to the hotel .
today , we are going to go to go sightseeing .
first , we will go to a park .
this park has beautiful caves and rocks in it .
next , we will go to see a lighthouse that is in the area .
on the way home , we will see if there are any fun places to stop at .
it was a lovely night to be on the beach .
we were in search of seashells and a good time .
we found a bird along the way and he was searching for worms .
we continued to enjoy our stroll on the cool sand .
and , we finally ended up at the lagoon , our favorite place .
despite the cold weather , a woman went down to the beach .
even though it was cold , there were still sights to see .
she saw some unique objects that you would n't see at other times .
she was also there to see people fishing in the wonderful fishing weather .
she had a great time and saw a different side of things .
[female] loved the ocean .
she would come out to her favorite beach , even when it was too cold to get in the water .
she saw a majestic bird sitting on the edge of the water .
then she decided to walk back home with some of her friends .
the sky and the land were beautiful in the evening .
being out here at dusk is beautiful , the color of the sky is like no other .
the beach is like sacred land as far as i`m concerned .
the birds and most of the other animals are at total peace here .
sharing this vision of beauty with friends is great .
the sky is bright yet the sun is going down .
[female] and i went to the beach .
there was a cool bird there .
there was also a large bundle of sticks .
we saw a guy named [male] fishing .
[female] had a lot of fun at the beach .
our tropical vacation was so much fun .
all of us had a fantastic time .
the place where we stayed was beautiful and relaxing .
there was so much nature for us to see .
the local wildlife was everywhere .
on vacation with the family in location .
my beautiful wife . it was nice that we got the beach to ourselves .
me and my beautiful wife . this is our third anniversary . we go to location every time .
my wife 's sister . i do n't really like her . but do n't tell my wife i said that .
i was very bored that day . so i took pictures of these birds .
i was standing by the ocean under a palm tree .
my sister and i together on the beach .
our yard with a pool in it . love relaxing on the chair .
my sister and her husband standing on the sidewalk .
watching a humming bird eat out of the feeder .
two women and a man visited a tropical resort .
in addition to the resort being by a tropical forest , it was also on a beautiful beach .
although the women were in beachwear , the man was more interested in sightseeing only .
the location was a wholly enjoyable one .
there were even nice quirks , such as feeding the local , unusual wild birds at close proximity .
the girls were ready for their day at the beach .
the sisters loved to hang out together .
unfortunately the beach was crowded , so they headed to the pool .
the younger sisters boyfriend shows up and they all hang out together .
they stand on the porch admiring the nice flowers .
the beer was easy to open and drink .
my husband wore a hat that protected his face .
the sky was truly magnificent in depth .
my husband took a picture of me building in the sand .
my husband used his hands to peel a fruit .
[male] was a beach bum .
[male] of sand by the water was his favorite sight to see .
he loved to kick up the jams .
with friends along the water , he held hands .
not even the night clouds could drive him away .
refreshing beverage on this hot day .
enjoying , and reflecting on life .
beautiful skies , glad it did not rain .
making a sandcastle .
nothing beats fresh coconuts .
a drink or two kept the heat at bay .
and a sunhat was practically needed in this weather !
the sky looked gorgeous .
everyone was definitely excited to be here .
some food was appreciated as well .
today , i went to the beach .
when i got there , there was nobody else around .
i decided to relax by having a beer .
the only people i saw the whole day was this couple walking by the shore .
in the afternoon , it got very cloudy , so i decided to leave .
i love photographing my friends in nature .
welcome enjoy going on hikes through the woods , and decided to go on a hike today .
our plan was to hike the hills until we reached a tiny harbor .
the hike took a couple hours up and down rolling hills , i managed to get some great photographs .
by the time we reached the harbour everybody was ready for a swim , it was a wonderful day .
this is our new property .
it is right on the lake .
it has a forest area .
it also has a place for our cattle .
here is the spot we are building our forever home . life is good .
my group left early in the morning to get some nature photos .
i felt that these rolling hills next to the sea were really crazy looking
here 's a photo of some local shrubs and trees we saw .
my group pressed on ahead and were met with some local fauna .
it was a nice day of hiking , but after this last picture , we headed back .
the walking tour through hansen park was fun .
it was sad to learn that several trees were fighting disease .
but the moors were just beautiful .
watching the tall grass sway in the breeze off the water was heavenly .
it was definitely worth the trip !
we were taking a hike on a famous trail .
we spotted this perfect view of the ocean on our trail .
the seas were rough , look at that water splash so high over the mountain .
as we were walking , we saw an individual who was bird watching .
we were so glad to see this meadow , because it symbolized the end of the hike .
while the house was n't quite what we expected ...
we were worried more about the lovely beach in front of us ...
and , the scenery that only cabo provides .
we spent the week kayaking and swimming ...
and , enjoying the beautiful surroundings .
[female] and [female] went for a walk .
they walked along the beach .
it was a beautiful morning and just right for a stroll .
they went all the way to the old house in the cove .
then , they turned around to walk home .
the beach was empty during the evening .
only the waves remained to keep me company .
i followed some footsteps to see if people were around .
then i came across a little beach house .
the owner was happy to have a visitor and we ended up taking a walk on the beach together .
i went to the beach last weekend .
the sea was very calm .
i had a great time there .
there was a small house out there .
after a while i left and went back home .
this is a summer home where a couple comes to enjoy their summer .
they take walks along the beach .
the scenery is amazing and a sight to see .
there is a lot to do at the beach home , like kayaking .
the little town sits atop a little hill over looking the water .
we kayaked into the cavern , unsure of what to expect .
we navigated the rocks and continued moving downstream .
suddenly , we hit a pocket of rapids and the trip became treacherous .
finally , we pulled into smooth waters ...
and docked for the night .
i went on a hike last weekend .
there were a lot of beautiful pools there .
it was very dry there .
there was a little bit of water .
it was beautiful at sunset .
the canyon was a good place to visit .
people came to the national park to see the canyon .
the mountain range was another feature people came to see .
there were also frozen rivers .
the national park was a beautiful place .
it is amazing to capture the beauty of mountains , even the gaps between them .
if caught just right it is like peeking into the sky or possibly heaven .
the river below runs a long stream , almost like a path to follow .
but when the sun shines on it , the beauty is caught so perfectly .
but often if somebody wants something simple a mere walk on a peer at the beach is always fun .
the hike was beautiful .
the couple looked down and saw the almost fake looking blue water .
and in every direction you looked , something else beautiful appeared .
you could see water , and rocks , and beach , and forrest . it was unbelieveable .
they felt so lucky to call this place home .
the butterfly exhibit came to the convention center and there was a botanical garden as well .
this type of plant caught my eye and even though i ca n't pronounce the name , i love it .
this plant , we learned was only located in a remote part of the world .
a tiny wood pecker landed on a branch near me hoping that i had something for him to eat .
these plants are among the most deadliest plants in the world .
a stroll by the beach today with me and my girlfriend .
we then wandered into the forested area and saw this beautiful flower .
these yellow flowers smelled incredible .
this flower looked like something out of a sci-fi movie .
before leaving for the day , we saw this bird that did n't make a move as we approached it . amazing .
i went kayaking out to an island because i wanted to photograph some of the beautiful flora there .
a bright pink flower caught my eye first , just blooming with the first sign of spring .
next , i found a spindly orange flower that cascaded over its leaves .
not too far away , another spindly flower grew , this one red and puckered with baubles at their ends .
as i was photographing all the flowers , i almost did n't notice the cute little bird next to me , who must have been watching me work the whole time !
we explored the ourtoors that day and saw a lot .
there were so many interesting things to see .
there were very strange colors and figures in the forest .
there was a cool bird that we saw and it looked at us suspiciously .
i saw some white flowers and got one for my friend cause her favorite color is white .
this picture is along the location coastline .
this is a photo i took of a beautiful wild cactus flower
here is another flower . i thought the colors are just amazing .
i love how i captured this hanging bulb flower .
on our hike back , i zoomed my cam on this bird just hanging out on a branch .
a group of friends and i decided to go cross country skiing .
it was the perfect day for it , so we took off early in the morning .
we skied a long for a couple of miles .
we all agreed seeing the breathtaking sites was good for our souls .
of course the day is not over until someone falls , we all got a good laugh .
i went skiing with a group of friends .
the views were beautiful , so we went off the trails a little bit .
we decided to take a break from skiing just to enjoy the amazing view .
we got tired , so we ended up just walking the trail .
i was so exhausted , i just fell down in the snow !
we took a group outing to the ski slopes .
the mountain was steep , and i was scared .
we stayed together , and it was nice having encouragement from my friends .
some of them did a slope with lots of trees , but i decided that was n't for me .
i took another slope . and even though i fell , i would do again in an instant !
friends gather on the mountain for a day of skiing .
traversing the mountain trails .
cross country skiing is always invigorating .
what a beautiful view of the trees .
i had a wipe out on my first day on the slopes .
they had n't ever been skiing before .
not a one of them .
they had to start on the bunny slope .
hardly any grade to it at all .
but they still managed to fall .
we went to location for our honeymoon .
it was really nice and green .
the best part were the beaches , they were beautifull .
i loved playing in the water and surfing .
i ca n't wait to go back and lay on the beach .
my wedding day in location .
delicious coconut juice . the best i ever had .
not the best hot dog i had . not a lot of meat .
got it from this place . worst fast food restaurant in the world .
this was the worst trip i ever experienced .
a day in the life of a beach bum .
here i 'm riding to the beach to soak up the sun .
renting my surfboard for the day .
here i am trying to surf , but i 'm not very good .
i think i 'll stay on land .
they looked cute in their new sundresses .
they had bought them in town .
they were both hoping to catch the attention of certain some ones .
both were surfers .
neither of the girls knew how to surf , so they just sat around hoping to be noticed .
after the beautiful wedding on the beach the newlyweds decided to see what else the island had to offer .
first they decided to try some sorbet , which both of them liked very much .
they then decided to try some of the local food by eating this strange type of sub .
next , they headed into a local shop to cool down and try some more island food .
the evening was finished off by a walk on the beach en route to their hotel .
when we bought our new car we took a road trip .
we went to visit the spanish mission .
the cheerful blue doors beckoned us welcome .
as we walked in the narrow hall , the mission dog greeted us .
after watching the most beautiful sunset , we drove home . happy and at peace .
i went on a bday outtin to a nice place
i also brung my cat with me
the hotel was funny looking
i really like the place
the sunset was great .
our tiny little rental car was fun for our vacation .
we saw some beautiful old structures .
the city seemed like it was carved out of stone , but the man made parts of homes were so colorful and reflective of the culture .
the alley ways looked like the stuff of movies !
we were treated to a spectacular sunset at the end of the first day . what a beautiful trip !
i went on vacation last weekend .
i packed my bag and took my cat with me .
i stayed in a place with a blue door .
i planted my flag on the top of the mountain .
at sunset i went to the beach .
this is the electric car that we rented on vacation .
here is a church that we found with an awesome sunset in the back .
here is a door that takes you into a new place .
my boyfriend is walking down the tunnel with our dog ahead of him .
later , we watch a beautiful sunset over the ocean .
they needed a change of scenery after spending so many days in the city .
they passed through the hillside .
the beach was where they decided to stop .
surrounding the beach was ruins from an old town .
the site was historical and a much needed change of pace .
there were a lot of great ruins while i was on vacation .
i stayed close to the sea .
the buildings were very old and run down .
the ruins were huge .
i almost tripped over all the rocks strewn about .
we awoke at sunrise to begin our adventure .
the landscape was beautiful !
first we went to the natural springs .
after that we visited some old ruins .
the ancient cobblestone pavement was awesome to behold .
the land was ver dry
even with the water near .
the city was old
and had ruins
that had been there for thousands of years .
arriving as the sun went down over the mountains .
rising in the morning , what a beautiful day .
sand as far as you could see .
these ruins look ancient , i wonder what they once were .
stones made up the streets , imagine the labor to do this .
this town was used to large amounts of snow .
whenever a large snow fall would happen , snow plows on the fronts of trucks cleared the streets .
as long as the lake does n't freeze over , the ducks did n't mind the snow either .
these ducks were used to the cold .
overall it was a cold winter , but the townspeople were used to it .
it had been snowing all night long , we did n't know what we would wake up to in the morning .
as we expected , the streets were covered in inches of snow !
while it was almost warm enough to go for a bike ride , there was just too much snow covering both the streets and our bike to even think about it !
instead , we decided to go for a long walk and thankfully someone had given us an easy path to follow .
to the end of the path we were surprised to see a few ducks swimming around . at least someone 's enjoying the weather !
after the storm had settled everything was in a blanket of white .
the roads were still mostly covered with snow so there was n't much traffic .
even the lakes and docks areas were mostly abandoned .
the animals did n't really seem to mind however .
needless to say , we really were n't going anywhere anytime soon .
the snow covered all of the cars
and the trees
and the boats too .
the ducks did not mind the snow
but it covered the bikes .
as fast as the cars parked , they were covered in snow .
the trees were bare and the world was white .
even the boats fell victim to the snowfall .
luckily , the water had n't frozen and the ducks were able to paddle about .
these posts look like giant snowcones .
me and my pup taking a stroll along the beach .
he is so handsome ... and ready to play .
this is my mom and me . she joined us for a walk .
do n't think my pup could bring me this stick ... haha .
oh , he 's all tuckered out and ready to head home for dinner .
the waterline is down and sand is become rocky .
my dog and i are enjoying the experience .
my dog [male] is owning the shore !
the stones have been smoothed by the water over time .
the colors vary , but carry mostly a grayish tone .
this is a picture of a woman with her dog .
this is a picture of a dog .
this is a picture of two women .
this is a picture of water .
this is a picture of a dog on rocks .
the woman took a photo smiling
and her dog was happy too .
her mom was the happiest
that they saw the water
and were alone with the dog .
bruiser and i arrived at the rocky beach .
he was n't too sure , as the rocks hurt his feet .
my friend and i were having a great time .
this is a view looking over the lake from the shoreline .
bruiser is getting used to the rocks under his paws .
surfing is a challenge .
standing up on a surfboard while on a wave can be impossible for some .
a lot of people like to ride their board by lying on it .
wipeouts are still common .
if you can learn to ride the wave without falling you might have a great time .
i had no idea what i was doing on the waves , but i sure had loads of fun.my friends and i spent a day surfin the waves .
the waves were n't very big but sure gave a run for our money still .
when we got tired we laid on the nice warm beach and dried off .
then we got back in the water and got wet again .
awesome waves finally hitting , glad we waited and took a break !
this surfer was having some trouble catching waves .
his friend was more experienced on the boogie board .
they set off down the deserted beach to find a better spot .
wth ? does poseidon , god of the sea , just hate this guy ? he could n't even get into the water .
his friend continued riding through the tubes as , he sat on the beach and smoked .
what a great day for a bodyboarding competition and here is the first participant now !
the second comes down and rides inside the pipe for a great performance .
the next guy rides high on the wave before shooting down towards the sand .
another rider shoots through the pipe as it starts crashing over him .
the last rider of the day heads across the wave with incredible speed .
the waves were strong
and the people kept crashing .
they would get back up
to hit the waves again
before they settled down .
we are on vacation and we went on a whale watching cruise today .
this is my family taking pictures off the deck .
we did n't see any whales , but we saw a lighthouse and some boats in the distance .
this seagull found a great perch to see the action on .
the tour guide is telling stories , and they are so boring !
most of the cars still have snow on them .
the lake is already frozen .
there are still berries on the trees for the birds .
we saw this boat with a bunch of ducks around it .
even the bikes were still covered with snow .
after arriving at the harbor we decided to do some sightseeing .
you could see a lot of little islands in the distance .
we also saw a lot of boats around the area .
not to mention the wildlife was very active no matter where you went .
overall it was a very nice trip and a beautiful port town .
the water was very calm
and the people were taking photos .
there was a white building nearby
with birds on it
and very loud horns .
there is a great view of the water .
the visitors are taking pictures of the view from a dock .
there is a lighthouse in the distance that people can view from boats or the dock .
sometimes birds will rest on the lights .
a speaker allows announcements to be made to visitors .
the trip began at the beach .
in the sand , they found a pretty pink starfish .
they walked along the water to see what else they could find .
the stopped to look at the waves .
so many interesting things to take pictures of !
the beach was a lot of fun yesterday .
i collected so many rocks , seashells , and sea stars .
i combed the entire shore .
we thought about renting one of the boats but we decided not to .
we took man pictures of the ocean while we were there .
today we headed out to the beach .
we spent a bit of time picking up some shells and other things we could find .
after our romp on land we finally headed out into the wave for some fun .
after a bit of playing around , we did some boating .
after the day was done we did a bit of sightseeing to relax .
they decided it would be a great day for a walk out on the beach and they were right .
they saw a few starfish .
they were n't the only ones combing the rocks for pretty shells that day .
still a cool day but it was clear and the water was beautiful .
they took one last look out to the water for any interesting birds before heading back home .
the waves were hitting the shore
and the rocks were pretty .
the people were walking along
and talking
while they took photos .
it says no trespassing ! but we did anyway .
it was fun . we saw a lot like this thing .
the organization even warn us .
but we do n't care . we still went on , and stole some stuff too to see if the organization will keep their word .
then we retired to a lovely little bed and breakfast for the night .
the wp franlin lock and dam site is a very interesting place to tour .
there is much history within the dams here .
if you do not get a tour you can not get up close and check it out .
this is the view from one side of the damn .
there is much greenery in the water by the damn .
well this kind of sign is like an open invitation to someone as inquisitive as me . over the fence i go .
well now , look at this . it is a dam or some secret government laboratory where they 're breeding a super virus to ... yes , it 's a dam .
well heck , another warning . what am i going to steal ? water ? this fence . heck the only thing here worth stealing is this sign ...
so , now that i 've taken that sign as a memento of my visit i think i 'll go check out that bridge . i wonder where it leads .
hmm , well now . a whole bunch of caravans in the middle of nowhere on government land . curiouser and curiouser .
the signs were clearly posted , we just wanted to look .
the dam area was huge and complicated .
another sign warning trespassers , we got the point .
i wonder how much water flows through here every day .
dam is located in a very scenic area , we enjoyed our visit immensely .
my family made me go on a trip to location . organization organization organization organization .
i read about some of the history of the dam and really was n't intrigued .
the coolest parts of the dam were blocked off by fencing .
the water being blocked by the dam was n't even pretty .
i finally did find one area that was visually appealing .
two friends took a road trip to the ocean .
the car 's tires were in good condition , with sufficient thread , to make the trip .
although it was warm , both friends wore long pants .
the beach warned that the hike could be dangerous .
the friends decided to stay on the safer , developed paths .
driving across the ocean side was such a treat for this group of friends .
the water looks so refreshing and the hills are nice to look at .
some areas require caution from rocks falling
but the beautiful scenery is all worth it .
at the end of the day , you will never forget the experience you had and the awesome beauty of nature .
men and some friends took a drive along he coast the other day .
the view from the road was amazing .
the signs said trespassing but thats never stopped us before .
we headed down to the beach for a bit to enjoy the sun .
afterward we hit the road again to find some new adventures .
my friend and i took a road trip up the coast this weekend .
we saw the beautiful areas where the ocean and the land met .
there were areas we had to avoid due to the risk .
the beaches were gorgeous and largely deserted .
the road was wide open , and we had an easy time making the drive .
we drove into the location location location location in location location .
this little guy decided he wanted to hitchhike out with us when we left .
the views were amazing , but so were the drops . here 's my buddy making sure no one went off the edge .
warning signs around the park help keep you in save areas .
the long staircase descending from the top of the park to the tidal pools below . it was amazing .
we took a tour of the local lighthouse today .
we had to go up to the top by climbing these stairs .
almost there - it was a lot of stairs .
finally , the top ! we could see everything from up there .
it was a long climb , but the view was worth it !
this was our lunch right before going out exploring .
a seagull captured right at take off .
some seagulls roosting in a park by the lighthouse .
the inside stairs of the lighthouse by the park .
the outside view of the lighthouse and coast .
we started out the day at the bed and breakfast , eating a hot breakfast made by our hostess .
afterwards , we went out to sight-see . we went to the water 's edge and saw a seagull .
we saw some more seagulls relaxing in the grass .
then we went to the lighthouse and climbed the stairs to the top .
we could see an incredible view from up high ! all in all , we were very pleased with our trip .
this was the entrance of the building .
the stairway spiraled in fashion .
as we got closer to the top , the stairway got more narrow .
we finally reached the top to see the view .
lastly , we enjoyed a view of a town .
i started at the bottom door and went through .
i followed the stairs up .
i was surprised by just how many there where .
when i got to the top it was worth it .
the view was perfect .
our first family trip to location !
we stopped and had lunch on the way .
we could see the beautiful water out the bus window .
the kids were so excited to see the beach .
after the beach it was time to do some shopping .
we had a family trip out to the beach .
then we took a bus ride into town .
the view of the beach from the bus was amazing .
we got into town and chose on a great place to eat .
on the way back , we saw odd things being sold in the windows .
here we are on the bus .
mom and her son smiled for the camera .
check out this view of the ocean .
he 's walking his horse on the beach .
we strolled through town .
we have arrived to our vacation on the beach .
first we stopped to eat lunch .
then we drove to the beach .
after that we walked down to the water .
at the end of the day we walked around the town .
she walked her dog along the beach that morning .
then she went on the bus .
she was going to the other side of the island .
there she would meet her niece .
since she could read well now , she hoped she did n't notice the shit for sale sign because she had just gotten her to stop saying shit .
we had a family cookout for the 4th of july .
everyone brought there own favorite food to form our potluck .
my aunt and cousin are enjoying there food .
after we were done eating we decided it was time for some drinks .
some of us may have had to much to drink !
i had a great time at the party .
my friend invited everyone over . i brought my children too .
i met a lot of his friends .
my son had a great time there .
he eventually got tired and fell asleep .
this is a picture of a family .
this is a picture of a dinner .
a woman is eating corn .
people are drinking alcohol .
people are giving a hug .
everyone got together for the family picnic .
all the food way spread out on the table and looked so yummy .
corn on the cob was the cousins favorite .
the adults were getting tired of drinking coolaid so it was time for an adult beverage .
by the end of the night the little girl was hugging everyone 'night-night '' .
the party was a great time
and had many food options .
they ate corn too
and had many drinks
before they hugged .
it was a pretty foggy day when they left for the beach .
the sun was just barely showing .
there was a pretty clear view of the beach from the hills above it .
as they crossed the terrain the fog seemed to lift .
finally it became a clear day .
the fog sprang into existence .
it wandered through the trees , pondering why it existed .
it traveled to the oceans , but found no answers .
the fog looked high and low for answers .
in the end , it did n't care . it simply decided it would wander the world for as long as it could .
the dusky grey morning beckoned me outdoors .
had it really been an eternity since i roamed these moors ?
the vast landscaped stretched on before me .
`` you are home , '' it whispered to me .
i was home .
i was a really foggy day and we stumbled into a monument yard on our hike .
the monument yard was spooky , so we stayed on the path .
we reached the beach to watch the sunrise .
the cliff was the best place to catch a view .
after the sunrise , the fog started to clear a little bit so we walked closer to the water .
this is a picture of the outdoors .
this is this is a picture of grass .
this is a picture of water .
this is a picture of the outdoors during the day .
this is a picture of a tree .
before the beach was set up on campus .
some heavy equipment making the job a lot easier .
one of the bands practicing before the festival got underway .
some folks playing at the fake beach during the festival .
the festival in full swing with all of the people enjoying themselves .
getting ready for the ground crowd park for all .
having fun on the sand just like they were in the beach .
my beautiful wife enjoying the big umbrella .
this is me just wan na lay down the grass .
every body is on the ground and having fun with family and friends .
today we had to set up for a public event .
we brought in sand because there was a beach theme .
there was a live band performing . a local group of course .
we enjoyed dressing up and playing in the sane .
there was a nice crowd that came to enjoy the activities .
this is a picture of a field .
this is a picture of a tractor .
this is a picture of a stage .
this is a picture of a group of people .
this is a picture of a large field .
we had a beach party
we brought the sand in
the band rocked
people loved it
lots of people came
this cruiseliner decided to stop at this coastal city .
small vacation houses lined the shores for people to sleep in after going to the beach .
geese were common to this area .
some of the townspeople owned boats that they took out on weekeneds .
the geese squawked as the vacationers enjoyed the sights .
i went to dock yesterday to feed the geese .
i spent some time watching the boats while i was there .
there were so many of them .
after that i went back into town to sign see a little bit .
there were many old buildings .
the perfect spot for our family vacation . the water is absolutely amazing .
could not get enough of these cute little houses built into the mountain .
saw a plenty of ducks and sea gulls while we were on the beach .
there is nothing like watching the still waters and people enjoy taking rides out on the water .
the ducks and sea gulls were a big part of our trip , everywhere we were on the beach they were also .
this is a picture of birds .
this a picture of water .
this is a picture of boats .
this is a picture of a building .
this is a picture of another building .
the boat could be seen in the distance .
our living accommodations were in close proximity .
a lonely duck bravely walked on the shore near some birds .
by the look of things many were taking advantage of the beautiful day .
and the ducks got in on the action too .
`` loo of the year '' at the concert ... interesting .
awesome sign for the surveilance camera .
the cops are ready for any little thing that might go wrong .
concert is starting ! ca n't wait to hear some good music .
end of the show . it was awesome ! ! ! ca n't wait for the next one .
we were really excited to go to the concert last night , that we arrived hours in advance .
we were a little surprised to see policemen on horses , but considering how crowded it was going to be , better be safe than sorry !
we were lucky to have great weather for the show , considering it was an outside concert .
the crowd quickly filled up the space as the show was about to begin . how exciting !
the show went on late into the night and when it got dark , it got even more exciting !
there was a funny sign at our concert venue about the bathrooms .
near the security cameras they had some snark painted on the wall .
the police and security had horses so they could see over the crowds .
there were thousands of people waiting for the show to start .
finally , the show kicked off and it was brilliant .
this is a picture of a field .
this is a picture of people on horses .
this is a picture of people outside .
this is a picture of a crowd .
this is a picture of outdoors at night .
the city had a big festival
with many concrete walls
and guards on horses .
there were tons of people
and the show ended with fireworks .
they started their trip at the old lighthouse .
the balcony of the lighthouse gave them a good view of other parts of the beach to explore .
once they were back on the ground they decided which side of the ocean to visit first .
they chose a trail through the tropical landscape .
along the trail they went through the natural caverns .
the old light house stood tall and regal .
the ocean water was the deepest blue she had ever seen .
she could see the road that connected to two islands .
she was amazed at the stunning views from the top of the light house .
below , the parking lot looked quite small in her mind .
a couple takes a picture of the light house they visited while on vacation .
when they reach the top of the lighthouse the husband takes his wife 's picture .
she takes a picture of him by a sign on the path .
they follow the tour group down the stairs to see the underground caves .
they take photos of the inside of the cave .
on our yearly trip to the ocean , i found this lighthouse to be so majestic .
i went to the top of the lighthouse to check out the view .
then my husband posed in front of the location location .
next we climbed down to visit the caves .
the inside of the caves was breathtaking . it was a great ending to our trip .
lighthouse tours were a great get away for our anniversary .
the blue sky blended into the ocean waters . we could see for miles .
we walked around the top of the lighthouse and looked at the ocean from all sides . our cars looked so far away .
everyone was taking pictures , hoping to capture the feeling of the vintage lighthouse .
as we looked down at the ground below , we heard the keeper tell of the land and ocean working together to keep the ships and beaches safe .
she loved spending time on the stage .
the drums were just right that night .
she started to dance .
the stage was where she really came alive .
this may have been their best show yet .
we played a gig today .
it was very fun and lively .
we played a lot of songs .
our drummer really got a work out .
it was a very successful gig .
this was the first time i was performing with the new band .
i was so nervous at first .
as we continued my nerves settled and i came alive .
the steady drum beat kept me moving all night .
by the end of the night i was exhausted but a great time was had by all .
today we finally had the pleasure of seeing our favorite local band in concert again .
they started of the night with a bang and really lit of the crowd .
the singer as always was fantastic and really sang her lungs out .
even the more mellow songs were sung fantastically .
they really were full of passion tonight , and i think the fans resonated with that
the lady was having a nice time singing
and the drummer was playing well too .
they danced
while they sang songs
and everyone enjoyed the band .
we took everyone to the playground today .
the slide was a big favorite of the kids .
but the swing was popular too .
they even have a shallow pool for the kids to play in .
they had a great day and want to return soon !
the kiddos playing at the sand table .
[male] trying to figure out how to go down the slide .
mom taking charge and making sure everything is safe .
[male] riding around in style .
mom watch the kiddos like a hawk .
it 's a beautiful day for a trip to the local play park . the kids gets to play and mom gets to relax in the sun .
always the adventurous one , [female] runs straight to the slide . [male] , heads towards something less adventurous , he does n't feel like climbing up there .
yes , this is more [male] 's pace . first time on a swing and loving it .
phew , it 's a scorcher today . thankfully there 's a pool to cool off in . the kids love the water and mom is there to keep a watchful eye .
line up everyone , let 's get a photo . another hard days play is almost done but there 's still time for a little more fun .
the kids are having a great time in the sandbox .
they enjoy sliding on the slide .
after they played for awhile they came and sat on the ground with their mom .
one of the boys rides a bicycle .
mom takes a break with youngest baby while her son plays .
there is a great new playground in town
the slide is incredible
the swing set is a favorite for the kids
they can cool off in the pool
the kids had a blast
we rode out bikes to the beach today .
it was a nice day . the beach was n't too crowded .
the lifeguard did n't have to rescue anyone , thankfully .
we found some bottles that others had left behind .
we found them in a line , so we gathered them up and recycled them .
we used our bike when we went to the beach with our circle of friends .
our referee for the game .
getting ready as a team for our fun game of the day .
this is the concept that we prepare for the game .
and the game starts with this smart man .
we used our bikes to travel to the beach .
there were n't many people that were located here .
a lifeguard made sure swimmers did not drown .
there was an empty alcohol bottle that laid out on the shore .
there were even more bottles that lined up .
we took a 10 mile bike trip to the beach on sunday .
we were thrilled to see it was almost deserted .
[male] pretended to be a lifeguard on the empty beach .
looks like someone forgot to pack up their booze .
the bounty piled up as we went about our clamming .
decided to lounge at the beach today .
was pretty empty besides for us , just the way we like it .
i even got to play lifeguard for a bit !
we brought a lot of bottles . enough to eventually make a game of it ...
how far can the trail go ? we 'll let you know when we finish next time .
we had a great time at the beach , the weather was great .
we built a huge sand castle and relaxed .
the ocean was warm and nice , we went in to our ankles .
at the end of the day we had a big bonfire .
it was nice and warm and we enjoyed the company late into the night .
the friends are playing games on a beach .
some people are just relaxing by the ocean .
after some games they wanted to build a sandcastle .
everyone was enjoying their day out .
the one who made the most complex sand castle won bragging rights .
fun day at the beach playing in the sun .
what 's a day at the each without the kids and sandcastles .
we were contemplating going in the super cold ocean .
so we had a bond fire after swimming .
we settled down and had a few brews . good times !
a family went out to the beach on a nice day .
they built sand castles together .
they did not want to get into the water because it was too cold so they just dipped their feet in instead .
they returned home to start a fire .
they sat around the fire and told ghost stories .
the man was throwing rocks
and was on the beach
when the ladies saw him
by the big campfire
that burned all night long .
the group toured the ruins .
they saw artifacts .
later there was time for diving .
they took another look at the ruins .
then it was time to relax on the beach .
going on a tour through an old city with the family .
wife and daughter taking a break in the center of the city .
one last beautiful look at this wonderful city !
went scuba diving after with my oldest son .
ran in to some friends on the beach did n't realize they were here !
our sight seeing group visited this old village , it was a blast .
here we are running around the ruins , there was so much to see .
the view leaving the city was pretty impressing .
after we went back to the hotel i decided to do some snorkeling .
me and my friends rested at the beach for a few to end the great day .
we took a vacation to location .
we saw some amazing artwork .
then we went scuba diving in the ocean .
after that we visited the aztec ruins .
we ended the day laying out on the beach .
we decided to take a group tour this weekend .
we visited many areas including this ancient building .
it was extremely large and you can tell it was old .
we even went scuba diving !
everyone was tired and ended up relaxing at the beach .
the woman decided to go for a hike along the beach .
on the way , she passed dark stand of trees perched over the sand .
after awhile , it began to rain , so she donned her raincoat .
the walk back was misty , foggy , and full of eerie views .
along the way , she was able to snap a photo of a cool plant .
[female] was on vacation !
it was a beautiful sight out of her hotel window .
she was many different kinds of wildlife growing .
she also went to the beach .
it rained a lot !
i took a trip down to the beach today .
the view over the water was amazing .
then i came across some very interesting plants .
after that the clouds came in over the beach .
it rained for the rest of the day .
i took a selfie and started on my hike even though there was a threat of showers .
walking alone in the woods is my favorite way to unwind .
not completely alone as i came across another hiker smart enough to wear a raincoat .
the misty waters were a peaceful sight .
it stopped showering and the plant life flourished in the sun .
this is me taking a picture on my mini trip .
it was definitely a sight to see as the city was so different from what i was used to .
there were many exotic things including this plant .
unfortunately , the waves were strong that day .
i ended up buying a raincoat because of the weather .
this is my friend [male] sitting on a log , weary of travel .
the trees in the forest were very tall and majestic looking .
there were some small waterfalls , along the path that we took .
[male] is standing on a cliff , with the blue mountains behind , on a distance .
[male] in i put on a tent for our shelter tonight .
a man went on a nature adventure on the location location .
that location provides diverse natural experiences such as the ocean coast .
not far from the ocean are snow covered peaks .
the young man was very satisfied with his experience .
it was a camping experience to remember .
we went camping at a new campground and it was a blast .
these huge trees were jaw dropping . loved the scenery .
we found these awesome waterfalls , cant believe stuff like this is real .
here i am taking a picture on the mountaintop .
we found a good spot to set up camp and wait for tomorrow .
i went hiking in the location with my friend this weekend .
the trees were incredibly tall and seemed to reach up to the sky .
we found a small waterfall where the stream went over the edge .
at the top , my friend posed for a picture in victory .
we went back to our camp , which we placed in the shade of the giant trees .
panoramic view from the campsite this morning . i
the views were breathtaking the whole trip . look how tall these trees are .
lunch break at the falls .
next year we want to conquer that beast behind us .
time to set up for the night . i can not get enough of the scenery .
my friends and i went out for a fun time together .
we stopped and talked to some fishermen .
the sun was hiding behind some clouds and looked beautiful .
we saw a real live bush burner .
later on we found time to sit and relax before heading home .
it was [male] 's bachelor party and they decided to road trip to location .
he brought his groomsmen [male] and [male] .
they tried to be outdoorsy by fishing .
but they ended up not having a clue what they were doing .
so they just bought a meal with some locals .
the three friends were going to spend the day at a beach .
fishermen were busy making sure their nets were in good repair .
they captured a beautiful shot of the sun behind a cloud .
some of the brush accumulating on the beach had to be burned .
one of the friends was happy to relax and watch the waves roll in .
the 3 friends were on their way to go on a trip .
fresh seafood was on the menu for today .
the day was absolutely gorgeous , perfect weather for this time of the year .
they started a bonfire to cook the seafood .
here , a friend is relaxing , taking in the scenery and good weather .
these three men are the best of friends and are having some crazy fun at the beach .
they are learning to create all kinds of things from what they find laying out on the beach .
while taking a break they love to look at the beautiful sky .
to get a little warmer they love to catch some trees on fire , maybe set up a bonfire .
a relaxing second in the boat they are working is a way to sit back and appreciate all the hard work .
i went to the beach to watch the sunset .
everyone was gone and i had the beach to myself .
there was an abandoned boat that i sat in for awhile .
i walked across the dock and sat patiently .
it started getting dark and cold , so i hoped the sun would begin to set soon .
the old man still kept his small boat on the shore by the ocean .
most days though , he sat on the park benches along the walk .
his health was failing but he could still remember the long , beautiful calm days out on the water .
he remembered the stormy days with the threatening clouds looming overhead , too .
though the time and boat seemed now so far away , the old man still loved the smell of water .
it was a picture perfect day
the ocean did n't make a sound
its beauty glistened in the evening sun
it was a sight to behold
another beautiful day and nature 's best
we walked up on the deserted beach just before sunset .
and watched the sun appear over the horizon .
[male] thought about taking out the boat .
but we decided on a walk along the pier .
marveling at gods beautiful creation .
i took my boat out to the beach last week .
there was no one else there .
we had a great time .
the sunset was beautiful .
there were a few clouds in the sky that day .
i went to the party last night .
everyone was getting ready .
we had a live dj there .
at night we had a great time .
everyone was dancing .
the venue for the concert was in a weird area .
[male] had to climb a ladder and jump over a chinese marketplace to get to it .
by the time he got there , it was already rocking .
the singer even crowdsurfed .
the band was amazing , and set the place on fire .
[female] was having fun at the party .
the party was being held to build cancer awareness .
there were bands there .
the bands started playing when it got dark .
everyone had a lot of fun that day .
this is a picture of a woman .
this is a picture of a gathering .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a stage .
this is a picture of a concert .
a small group of friends goes together to see a concert .
they all congregate at the front of the stage .
the group meets new friends very quickly .
they go inside for a party after the concert .
streamers decorate the ceiling with colorful paper .
when we went to the beach the surf was crashing on the jagged rocks .
a little further down the beach the water calmed .
i had to dip my toes in .
we brought some food coloring and made a colorful sand art centerpiece .
at the end of the day we had a great meal to top off the wonderful day we had .
the tide began to come in and the waves began to lap the rocks .
i caught this picture as the waves began to get higher .
i decided that this shot could also time the water coming to shore .
i was n't the only person who thought that this water rising was photo worthy too .
by the time that the tide was all the way up , the rocks were barely visible .
watching the waves crash against the rocks is so soothing to my stress .
i 'm gon na get in that water .
here i go , gon na dive right in there .
i found a flower while at the water . i wonder who put that there .
time to eat , swimming takes alot of energy .
the water was rough by the rocks .
the beach was deserted .
she enjoyed time alone on the shore .
a sunflower field was nearby .
the sat by the ocean at the end of the day .
this beach is so cool . we had fun exploring the rocks and the little hidden coves .
of course , there were large expanses of sand , perfect for making sand castles .
we walked along the beach , enjoying the gentle sound of the waves rolling in .
something beautiful around every corner .
we ended up having lunch at this open air cafe with a view of the ocean because we could n't get enough of that view .
i went to the beach last weekend .
there was a lot of wildlife on the shore .
the bridge was very old .
the view from the bridge was amazing .
i had a great time there .
the bridge was both magical and scary .
it overlooked cliffs with gently breaking waves .
the image was peaceful and calming .
farther out , the beach could be seen .
it was populated primarily by birds and crabs .
the bridge was large and as high as i had ever seen .
it provided an amazing view of the coast ...
you could look for miles and miles ...
and see beautiful mountains and the waves from a distance ...
we took a final picture and descended ... it was worth the hike .
i went for a hike last night and crossed over a huge bridge .
at the end of the bridge was an amazing view of the ocean .
the grass on the cliffs was bright green .
i saw some puffins swimming in the ocean .
so i walked down to get a better look at them .
looking at a seagull looking for food on the beach .
seagulls in the ocean looking for fish .
i love the bridge , it looks so amazing .
an amazing site from a top the mountain .
an amazing site from the mountain .
yesterday , when i got up , it had snowed on the mountain .
it left mounds of snow on everything .
the whole area looked like a vast tundra .
the top of the ridge was white .
then , when i got into the valley , i realized that only the mountain had the snow .
i went on a trip last weekend .
there was tons of snow .
it was very cold .
i had a great time there .
we set up camp at night .
today i rode on a horse for the first time .
it bucked me off in the snow and left me stranded .
i walked for miles calling for [male] my horse .
i was so tired and had been walking for 4 hours .
i finally came across an area where i could get phone service and called home . i was going to be rescued !
the landscape in the mountains and desert is beautiful .
people come out here and explore the never ending valley .
the sand and how hot it can get is amazing and you can not describe it .
there are few things in the desert so it is hard to know where you are .
if you get lost in the desert it is unlikely that you will survive since it is so hot during the day with no water and really cold at night .
i began my location vacation , that i had been eagerly anticipating , by taking a hike in the mountains .
there was a layer of snow covering the mountains . i was glad i was wearing my new , fleece lined snow boots .
there was a strange structure off in the distance . i never did figure out what it was for .
i followed the path made in the snow . the snow crunched under my new boots as i walked .
and finally i made it to my destination . the perfect spot for a view of the setting sun .
this evening , i decided to watch the sun go down at the beach .
it was a beautiful sight .
while watching it , i walked under the pier .
the trees looked graceful under the evening sky .
i sat out on the beach for awhile just enjoying the beauty before i went back home .
i decided to go for a walk on the beach by myself .
i came across a couple and i got sad because i was alone .
this location reminded me of the movie dear [male] which made me even more sad .
i sat and watched the boats come in the distract myself .
i stayed on the beach long enough to watch the sunset .
i went down to the beach last weekend .
there was some garbage on the beach .
i went for a walk down the beach .
there were some boats in the distance .
the sunset was beautiful .
our day at the beach , the sun was setting .
we watched the sun about to sink below the horizon
the waves crashed against the pier .
the day was ending and it was quite a sight .
we wanted to stay as long as possible
i went for a walk to the beach .
i saw someone sitting and watching the sunset .
next i passed under the pier .
oddly enough , there was a big boat floating dangerously close to the pier , but it looked like they knew what they were doing !
so , i continue on my way and stopped at a nice , quiet place to sit and watch the last of the sun .
all of us decided to go on a spiritual trip .
the religious connections in the area were apparent .
despite how calm it was , the soldiers gave an air of uneasiness .
we still managed to have a very spiritual experience .
all of us felt very close after the trip .
i went on vacation last weekend .
there were a lot of old buildings there .
i had a great time in the pool .
it was next to the ocean .
it was very old .
it is a place of tranquility
where the wood shows it 's age and the colors are faded .
the meditators gather around the reflection pool .
they see far out into the sea , becoming one with the sky .
they find the rough stone of the steps to be a statement about life .
a group of men visited a site with a sculpture of lord ganesh .
nearby , there was an older looking monument that was partly covered with vegetation .
the site had a pool where people could bathe . the pool was guarded by military people .
one of the swimmers paid homage in the water .
the group of men had a good time at the pool
we went to see the amazing articulture of the resort today .
the statues and articulture of the ancient buildings were incredible to see .
[male] wanted expecially to see the stuff by the lakeside , including the pond .
after we saw the sights we went for a dip in the pond .
the whole family joined us there , and we had a great time playing together in the water .
the jeeps and vehicles cruised through the high water .
we parked to enjoy the delicate scenery .
my best friend brought the boating equipment .
we prepared to go boating at a later time .
the scene was so lovely and symbolic of nature .
a group of travelers went on a land expedition to areas not commonly visited .
there were dirt roads which were best handled by true all-terrain vehicles .
the isolated location was beautiful and well worth the difficult travel .
other visitors arrived at the location by boat instead of land .
regardless of how the visitors arrived , the location was full of surprises and intimacy .
the suvs pulled over to the side of the road .
they had arrived at the bay .
everyone got out onto some boats .
they went out into the bay .
everyone loved spending time at the beautiful bay on their boats .
i went on vacation with my car last week .
there was a lot of muddy roads .
when we finally got to the beach it was beautiful .
there were some jet skis there for us .
we had a great time .
we went for a drive along the beach today !
we decided that we would stop and do some walking , though .
the weather was perfect and the water was calm .
we saw a lot of people in boats out on the ocean .
we also found a quiet place , so we decided to stop and have some lunch .
i finally took a vacation to my tropical paradise .
with the blue skies even bluer oceans i could have sworn i was in heaven .
after spending all day hanging around the lagoon i was decided it was time to eat .
i asked my guide and he directed me to an amazing restaurant .
i ate the most amazing meal of my life to the most gorgeous sunset i 've ever seen .
this is the awesome resort we were staying at .
there were many awesome looking buildings on the island .
this one almost seems to be a painting .
lots of beautiful scenery here on this island .
we were sad when we had to depart for home .
while on vacation on a beautiful island , we went sight seeing .
we sailed out into the sea .
when we got to this cove , we went out to walk .
this gorgeous house was on the edge of the trees .
at the end of the day , the sights were worth seeing .
the island the couple was staying on was beautiful .
they could n't have asked for a nicer locations .
the colors of the water and the trees and homes lit up the entire view .
each house they saw was more colorful than the last .
and it was so relaxing and beautiful .
the little villa beckoned us from the boat .
we had a lot of stairs to climb that day !
i thought this looked like a charming painting .
we argued about what this was in the distance .
the scene taken from the rooftop of our hotel .
i went to the beach yesterday .
there were many colorful birds there .
it was a little bit rainy .
there was also a seal .
he was taking a nap in the sand .
i went to the beach and came across many different animals like this bird .
i also found some beautiful flowers .
there were many seals laying on the shore .
there were also many seagulls flying around .
i had the beach to myself and i was able to enjoy nature .
i found a pretty bird with jet black feathers and some bright red ones on its wings .
then i saw this weird looking flower when i heard a strange sound .
where did it come from ? this bored looking walrus !
he 's just watching these birds in the sky .
i watched with it until they flew out of sight .
the bird is having a good time in the water .
sun bathing has to be so delightful .
this flower is so vibrant with color .
the animal looks as if he needs some water .
on his way back to the water he goes .
the wildlife were beautiful to look at .
the flowers out here were not like any we would see back home .
we saw baby seals humbly enjoying the sand .
and pelicans were flying over the sea .
as the sunset the birds began to fly back towards the city
nice sunny day we spent near the ocean.perfect day to relax and enjoy the scenery with my pal [male] .
telescope you could use and view it seemed miles away.i could see birds flying over the ocean .
just relaxing and enjoying the view with [male] .
loved all the varieties of flowers in the nearby fields . some i had never seen before .
these annoying sea gals flew around us the whole time.but it still was a great trip .
i went out for a walk down to the beach yesterday .
it took me a while but when i got there i saw a few cars and people .
i did some sight seeing with the public telescope there .
a lot of other people were there relaxing on the grass .
i took some pictures of the birds and then went back home .
[male] and his friend took a walk down to the harbor .
there on the beach was a telescope that allowed them to see faraway places .
they looked and saw people having a picnic on the beach .
they saw interesting shapes through the tall grass .
and by a white boat at the water 's edge they saw a seagull looking back at them .
we decided to go down to the dike for the day .
we were able to look through this scope and see that little island out there .
the family decided to take a break and just relax watching the shore .
we found these interesting little plants , i wonder what it is called .
there were many birds out and about wanting our food .
the scene at the lake was sparse with people , but beautiful all the same .
at the lake , one could pay to use the viewer which allowed one to see several miles away .
an elderly man and his grandson spent the day recollecting old memories as they made a new one .
the breeze wafted alone , stirring up even the smallest plant in its wake .
there is a diving bird at the lake that is notorious for asking for handouts from the tourists that go there .
this the view from our apartment we rented during our trip to location .
here is my favorite part of the day where i can lounge and and have peace of mind .
i rented a moped in order to visit the locals and do some sight seeing .
here we are getting ready for the club and karaoke .
it was nice when we mingled with another couple from back home .
we went on vacation last weekend .
we did n't rent a car but we used a scooter to get around town .
we had a great time at the restaurants there .
they served great food and drinks . we ate there every night .
me and my girlfriend had a great time there .
our vacation was my husband 's idea , but i did n't mind the island one bit .
we rented these cute little mopeds .
the waterside restaurants were festive and fun .
we settled for dinner at one of them .
one of the waiters took our picture so we could remember our island vacation .
this is a picture of the water .
this is a picture of a resort .
this is a picture of a motorcycle .
this is a picture of a couple .
this is a picture of a family .
this is the view from my new business . i finally have my dream job !
i bought a place on the beach to open my bar .
i have a short ride from home and can take my motorcycle everyday . the fresh air all day is a dream come true .
my wife is my business partner and number one bartender .
we are living the dream and making friends as we do it .
this little girl was bored one day .
she decided to go for a walk along this rocky beach .
she enjoyed looking for shells ,
climbing over the boulders ,
and looking out to sea , imagining all the adventures one could have .
she found a small turtle at the edge of the shore .
her mother told her to put it back in the rocks .
she had on her favorite pink coat .
watching her climb over the large rocks brought a smile to her mothers face .
she knelt down on one rock and proclaimed to her mother that she had named it turtle rock .
on a winter day a little girl in a pink coat went exploring on a beach .
the tide was out leaving many rocks on the shore .
where the waves met the sand , she looked for a few rocks to take home .
she climbed up on a big rock to see further out to sea .
she sat and watched the waves and the sun on the ocean .
ready to do some rock climbing by the beach and playing in the water .
wow , this rock looks a little to far up to climb . better check for something a bit lower .
this is better . the perfect rocks for me , and i can pick them up and toss them around .
oh well , why not give this big rock climbing thing a try .
mission accomplished ! i made it to the top , now let me sit here and enjoy the still water .
it was a chilly day but it was her first time to see this beach area .
the area was a black rocky area instead of the normal sand .
she enjoyed getting the little rocks by the waters edge .
she was enjoying climbing up onto the bigger rocks .
so she could sit and look out at the water .
my first day on holiday was spent at this beautiful beach .
we decided to visit the animal sanctuary and the first thing we saw was this cute koala .
the parrot had the most striking colours and could talk !
the baby kangaroo was very friendly and happy to get a snack from us .
the alligator on the other hand was n't so friendly . we watched from afar as the handler tried to deal with it .
the alligator thinks to himself that it 's about time that he find a prey and starts yawning .
the alligator takes action and approach a poolside area and find it 's target .
a woman in a pool without knowing that an alligator is coming for her smiles towards the camera .
the woman appears to be an adventurous person who is not fearful of dangerous situations such as when she was in a pool while an alligator is approaching her .
it makes one think that the wild can be so dangerous given it 's condition to survive by preying and defending against one 's safety .
[male] knelt in contemplation as to where he would go next on his venture .
he soon stumbled upon this little animal who seemed afraid to let go of the trunk .
but the bird was unhampered by such barriers .
[male] got up close and personal with this zoo 's resident .
soon he saw the trainer enticing the crocodile with his favorite food .
i was invited to visit a tropical zoo .
i saw a cute koala climbing a branch .
this colorful parrot was trying to eat a bug .
i even got to feed a baby kangaroo . so adorable .
what was n't adorable was the crocodile . he was scary !
roll up your pant legs cuz you 're gon na wade deep into the waters our awesome location wildlife sightings !
first up , this cuddly little marsupial clings to a branch , not doing much all day .
believe it or not , these parrots are all over the place , just living wild !
we got up close and personal with the kangaroos .
but none of us wanted to get very close to this fellow !
[male] resting in the hammock on vacation
i pretended i was taller than him in this photo
mom took this awesome photo of the two of us
there were two bridges going into town l
beyond the smoke stacks there are two beautiful ships
[male] doing what he does best , drinking beer and relaxing .
some cannons and cannonballs at an old fort we visited .
a really cool bridge on our way out of the city .
mom 's new horse at the big pasture .
mom , [male] , and [female] together again .
a couple recently went on a vacation and he is hanging out on a hammock .
they visited a bay or a body of water .
they visited the area .
they walked along the sea doing tourist things .
this is one of the things they saw .
the man relaxes on the hammock .
after relaxing he and his wife tour a battlefield .
the large bridge takes them over to a horse ranch .
they admire the horse for awhile .
it is the end of the day and they pose with the ranch hand for a photo .
after relaxing a day after the wedding the new couple left for their honeymoon .
the two were very happy to be on their way .
they got on the boat and started away .
they watched the place get smaller in the distance .
on the boat they passed some interesting places .
the museum had a man-made lake where people could go kayaking .
this man thought it was an interesting addition .
the entire museum had nautical themed installations for the month .
the media was gathered to cover the new pieces .
they all wished they could go paddle kayaks instead .
the had just learned to kayak .
she had chosen her favorite colors of pink and yellow for her kayak .
she listened carefully to her instructor .
her friends got a kick out of hearing her tell of tumbling over on her first few attempts .
much to her dismay , her boyfriend had no interest at all in her new hobby .
seeing the kayakers on the lake made us want to try it .
luckily there wa sa rental shop that came with instructors .
we had to go over the safety stuff before getting started .
mom was n't going , and she expressed her nervousness about us being out on the water .
i was ready to go and could n't wait to learn how to kayak !
[male] paddled across the river for the first time .
it was n't long before he found an old , abandoned dock .
the area had some rather strange statues .
before long , word of [male] 's escapades got out and people flocked to see this strange , new place .
the local kayaking community has grown in size many times as a result .
after kayaking on her own for the very first time , the woman rose her hands in triumph .
near the lake , the brightly colored kayak was ready for the woman to take it on a journey .
after completing her journey , the woman had a chat with local law enforcement .
the woman 's journey was one that would get people talking
the water was cold , and as the woman talked to another , she shivered from the temperature of the water .
near the trees , we rested and talked for a bit .
then we ventured a lovely waterfall .
the flowers around the water were so delicate .
the stream has built such a habitat for the animals .
the stones around the stream were round and heavy .
as we hiked by the mountain we noticed it still has now .
the area around the mountain had many beautiful scenes including this small waterfall .
the local flora was splendid including this pair of red flowers .
we noticed the rocks were smooth and rounded , probably from being in a stream .
although the leaves were gone , these trees were none the less striking .
i went hiking in the hills , the scenery was beautiful .
i found the amazing waterfall , maybe ill go take a dip !
not sure what kind of flowers these were but i had to snap some pictures of them .
followed the stream back home , the water was so calm .
took one last pictures of the rocks on the roadside . this is my favorite hiking spot .
its amazing how even in seemingly warmish weather , there can be snow capped mountains .
the waterfalls are somewhere to visit for sure , they are healing waters .
the flowers are so vibrant and beautiful they do n't even look real .
these rocks are perfect in size and shape like they were sculpted that way by someone .
there are so many trees , when its the spring season i 'm sure it looks like a great wilderness .
we took a trip to a national park . we got to see some mountains .
while hiking , we came to a wonderful water fall .
not too far away we came across some pink flowers growing .
the stones in the area were so smooth and round .
as the sun was setting , we found a group of trees that had no leaves growing on them .
[male] has entered a b & w photo contest to try and win a new camera .
the theme is water so he drove around the bay area to capture various things related to water .
this old lighthouse is still in working condition to warn incoming ships of the danger .
he took this one of an old fishing barge that catches lobsters .
later he went to the woods and caught a good shot of this waterfall and decided this would be his entry .
i went to go visit my grandparents , who always have plenty of food available .
there were lots of family over enjoying beers together .
my grandma personally downed a whole cupful .
next to their house is a beautiful lighthouse .
a few miles away was a lovely waterfall .
this rock formation was very interesting , i was in awe .
we stopped into this pub during the trip . they have some really guinness .
we had to get her another drink , which she said was good to the last drop .
after the pub we came across this incredible lighthouse .
to round off the trip we visited a waterfall . something none of us had experienced before .
this is a beautiful river .
we started out in this boat .
remember to use the lighthouse for direction .
wish we would have had this boat .
but we made it to the waterfall .
have you ever thought about life and all of it 's wonders ?
having a drink with your friends ? are they really your friends ?
is your mom really love you ? or is that why your dad left when you were only three ? was it because she was an alcoholic ?
i doubt you 'll ever know though . why ? because that 's life . always full of certainty .
the only thing certain is that the water will still fall , the sun will rise in the morning and you 'll still be a walking question mark .
a couple woke up early to go to the beach .
they drove to the beach while the morning was still dark .
they arrived at the beach as the sun was rising .
once at the beach they went surfing .
the waves were not at their best , but the couple enjoyed the experience nonetheless .
morning of the last day of our beach trip .
decided to take a walk on the beach and watch the sunrise .
other people had the same idea no wonder morning walks are the best !
wife looking out over the ocean such a great view !
me and my dad on a walk together talking about how we should live here !
the sun was setting and we headed out to the beach for a good time .
we got there before the sun went down and had the whole beach to ourselves .
it was empty for real . the beach went miles with no people in sight .
i decided to dip my feet in the water for a bit , it was freezing .
heres my buds having a talk alone , the beach was great tonight .
my parents and i tried to go surfing early one morning .
we drove to the beach before the sun rose .
on the beach , we found there were only a couple of people there to enjoy the sunrise .
my parents could n't wait to get into the water and sprinted in with their boards .
once in , they started making their way out into the surf .
we left the restaurant but were n't ready to go home .
the sun had just set and there were beautiful colors in the sky .
the ocean is breathtaking at any time of day .
this is my favorite place to meditate as often as i can .
my husband saw an acquaintance and had a chat before we left .
my husband and i rented this little house for a week !
the cute living room , look at that old fireplace !
went on a walk through the woods next to the house .
seflie ! having so much fun here !
collecting some rocks to take back , these have such interesting designs !
i bought a house last month .
my wife and i are very happy with it .
we have a fireplace but no wood to burn .
i started looking for old trees i could cut down for some firewood .
this is the tree i picked .
returned to the childhome for the first time in 15 years .
here i am sitting at the same fireplace i always sat at as a kid .
the old stream is still around . im surprised nobody has built anything over it .
my sister missed me a lot , she wanted to take a selfie .
the rocks aligning the old road are still as smooth as ever . i missed this place .
my girlfriend and i visited a bed and breakfast out in the country .
she took a picture of me in our room next to the fireplace .
we went for a hike along a stream nearby .
we posed together for a picture to commemorate our visit .
the stones we found were very smooth and clean .
we got a new house out in the forest .
we lit a fire in the fireplace .
then we came to a creek in the woods .
we stopped to take a picture .
after that we noticed some smooth gray rocks on the ground .
the woman decided to take her dog to the beach .
as they walked along , they spotted several birds on a pier .
she let her dog run up to the waves , and he ran back as each one came in .
since her dog was well-behaved , she let him run ahead a bit .
during their walk , she was able to snap a great photo of a bird .
it was a good day to take the dog for a walk .
the waves crashed against the pier with a mighty splash .
the dog really enjoyed the walk on the beach .
there were a few surfers out as well .
this bird was flying so majestically .
i am going to the beach with my dog .
it is a little cloudy today .
my dog does n't mind though , he loves the water .
he also likes to run in the sand .
looks like the clouds are clearing up , and some birds are flying around .
my wife and i took our dog down to the sea for the day .
we went right next to the big pier near our house .
our dog loved running on the beach and into and out of the surf .
we saw a man trying to surf in the cold waves .
overhead , a large bird flew , keeping an eye on us as we walked .
[female] took her dog to the beach one cold and dark morning .
they walked under the pier ,
and her dog loved trying to catch the water .
he was being such a good boy that [female] decided to let him off the leash ,
but then he saw a bird and just had to start barking at it like the crazy pup that he is .
there were only a few seagulls , looking for fish and crabs in the water and in the sand .
my sister , [female] , standing by the ocean , on a cold winter 's morning .
there were some caves along the beach , near the ocean .
there are some house 's along the beach , near where we live .
my family and i are taking a break and a drink before dinner .
a great view from the resort .
a nice chilling day on the beach .
the beautiful erected rock .
the resort we stayed in .
afterwards , a few drinks to warm the bones .
we went down to the beach on a cloudy day .
it got cold by the ocean .
then we noticed some large boulders in the water .
when it got dark outside it was time to walk back to the house .
after that we had some drinks with friends .
early morning stroll on the beach , we saw some local birds
weather was quite chilly so no swimming here today
this big sticking out of the ocean was quite a scene to see
i wish i had a house like these , right on the edge of the water
having some shots after a long day
who goes to the beach in location ? we do .
here i am , trying to stay warm while taking in the huge rocks and water .
the locals told us many legends about this prominent rock formation .
our home away from home in location , situated along the beach .
after a day along the freezing water , nothing like a shot of norwegian liquor to get warmed up .
the big blonde dog slept in the doorway of the cabana , dreaming of his lost companions .
they had gotten separated in the hurricane .
he went back to the beach everyday to look for them .
he sniffed all around the shoreline .
occasionally the humans would give him treats , which he gladly accepted .
[male] the cat ,
[male] the lazy dog ,
and brothers [male] and sal
lived on the beach .
they saw people come into their territory and were concerned . but after they talked about it together they decided the humans caused no harm and let them visit their home .
my dog was bored and i knew he wanted to go on an adventure !
when i told him we were going to go on a trip , he got very excited ! we stopped and picked up two of his doggie friends .
first we went to the park , but after a few minutes of running around we decided to try something even better .
we went to the beach ! he loved the waves and playing in the water .
we met friends and decided to come back next weekend , too !
this is [male] a lab mix resting at a shelter in location location .
jinxie and location are just meeting for the first time as a possible new forever home for location .
outside there is a large area for running .
they even have a private beach to go swimming .
this man is passing out information about the shelters 1/2 price adoptions in the following weeks .
[male] took a break whie we prepared to leave .
jojo and truffles were excited about the trip .
here is a view of the beach and the apartment building we stayed in .
the waves were quite large and powerful .
a family is having an argument on the beach .
picture of our house up on the hill from the beach.the first one on the left.not a very far walk for a beautiful days relaxing moment .
decided to take a walk down the beach and just enjoy myself .
there is this fence in the middle of the beach.i am not sure why it is here , but it seems to help with when the tides come up.traps all the seaweed .
want to catch some tasty fish ? walk all the way to the end of this rocky pier and you will get a fight of your life.but it sure pays off at dinner time .
some interesting beach art in my backyard. got ta love beach life .
we went to the beach today .
it was very sunny outside .
we had a lot of fun walking along the edge .
there was a lot of things to see .
it was a very fun day .
today we went to the beach to search for seashells .
my friend wanted me to take a picture of her while we were there .
on one end of the beach we saw this fence .
we kind of got sidetracked from shell hunting by walking on these rocks .
we also saw this eagle statue , but i 'm not sure if it was vandalized .
the ocean has been dissipating off the coast for years now .
from it we got a lot more beach .
enough beach to actually walk on . this used to be all water .
the fence used to indicate deep water but now just looks like a normal fence .
you could even see boats once sunken on the shore .
it was a beautiful day to spend at the beach .
the young one enjoyed walking with her feet just in the water .
they wondered why someone would put a fence up half way between the dunes and the shore .
they found a rock pier and walked out to see if anyone was fishing .
while exploring they found this unusual statue .
the weather was perfect for flying a kite .
she wore her sunglasses and joked that she was a shady character .
the sun felt warm against her back .
she took her flipflops off and walked barefoot on the pebbled beach .
soon , a few other people were flying kites along with her .
we went to the beach today .
we enjoyed walking on the dock and checking out the view .
we did some wading in the water .
we watched the surfers .
we got to fly kites today too .
[female] is the best time of the year . it is the perfect time to visit the beach and watch people try to fly kites .
sitting here watching the sea gulls and still waters .
think it is time for a walk along the beach . maybe there will be a new sea shell discovery .
leaving my flip flops behind , so that my toes can feel the sand .
there is nothing better than finding a group of friends to share the day with on the beach .
heading to the beach on this beautiful day .
my girlfriend is so happy to be here .
is n't she beautiful walking along the sand like that ?
who wears shoes to the beach ? barefoot sand is so much more awesome .
watching people fly their kites , we 'll havta bring one w/ us next time .
[male] was very excited about kiteboarding for the first time .
it was a perfect , clear day with high winds .
mom was very proud of [male] for trying out his new kiteboard .
[male] got up first try , and even made a big jump .
as he glided along the bay , several other kite flyers came out to enjoy the winds .
i had trained all month for the bike race .
i was finally read to go . the race was today !
there were a lot of people watching the event .
there were even more people participating .
it was going to be a long race .
the day of the location to location location location had arrived
i took a selfie while waiting at the starting line .
this is my friend [male] who thinks he will be faster than i will .
my friend [male] decided to join us for moral support . he is n't racing because of a last minute injury .
there are so many people here to race , i hope i finish in a respectable place .
heading to the bike race . wonder if i will be able to finish .
really worried about finishing the race . however , i think i can .
look at all the people gathered to watch the bikers .
oh it is getting rather crowded down here . [female] my family made it .
[female] people will read about the bike ride so they will know just how far we bikers are traveling .
going to do the location to location location location today !
getting ready in the parking lots .
my buddy is tired from the ride .
my other friend is tired from the long ride
look at all those people here to cheer us on !
team 'we do n't want to do this ' were very intimidated by the course map .
[male] 'mr accountant ' crenshaw took a selfie before before starting his leg .
[male] 'ice cold ' pendergrass was next up , frightened and ready to go .
bringing up the last leg was [male] 'stinky foot ' jones , and he was terrified .
the team did not manage to finish this day . but they did manage to catch a bus to the race party .
the town had such a quaint feeling to it .
the ocean side views made it look so fresh .
the city itself looked like it was straight from a movie .
we arrived at the hotel in anticipation .
it was n't as nice as expected , but good enough .
having just arrived in the big city ,
i checked into the motel i booked on the internet .
it was not exactly as nice as i had expected .
i decided to make the best of it and take a short nap before heading out .
afterwards , i took a walk along the water .
we were visiting the city to meet some relatives .
to save money , we stayed at this hotel .
the inside of the hotel looked better than i imagined it to be .
the beds were pretty comfortable too .
the hotel was pretty close to a dock , which was pretty nice .
finally made it to the vacation spot .
getting ready to take a walk along the beach .
a picture of the big city where we are spending our vacation .
love the door with the light house you do n't see these often when traveling .
resting up before hitting the streets again tonight . love being on vacation .
one morning she decided to get out of the city and get to the water for a weekend .
she decided to stay at organization 's .
the lobby area looked dated but that was okay because she did n't plan to spend much time in the lobby .
they only had rooms with two beds left .
before the day was over she finally made her way down to the water for some relaxation .
[male] , [female] , and alecia took the day to explore their new town .
they played a game of ping pong and did horribly .
then they took a wade in a kiddie pool .
[male] found a quaint indian restaurant for them to try .
then they all took a horseback ride down the river .
i brought my family with me on vacation last week .
we had a great time out exploring other countries .
there were many people walking around on the streets .
we saw a lot of unique shops and restaurants while we were there .
we even stopped to play table tennis with some of the locals .
the whole family 's here now !
[male] plays a game of ping pong with each family member .
after the game , we cool off in the pool .
each family member has lunch before taking on the next adventure .
riding the horses and stopping to let the horses have a drink in the creek .
my siblings were looking forward to the family reunion .
there was table tennis , my brother 's favorite .
and a kiddie pool filled with balloons for the `` kids '' that my brother and sister could n't resist .
dad was in charge of the grill , and we ate good !
a horse and rider came by for a drink of water , we offered the horse some veggies and the rider a burger .
the family spent the day doing outdoor activities .
my brother wanted to play ping pong .
i wanted to swim in a pool but i was misled to think the pool was for adults .
we ate lunch instead because we were famished .
and there goes my dad riding a horse into a river .
i captured this beautiful mallard at the park today .
i was surprised to see many rabbits in the park today .
the rabbits were n't even afraid to come near you and say hi .
on the left side of the lake we can see skyline of the city .
here is a person taking advantage of this day while enjoying himself .
a duck meandering around the lake the other day .
a fluffy bunny munching on the grass at the park .
a man parasailing right next to a boat on the lake .
sunset looking away from the city .
the mountains at sunset overlooking the lake .
i went to the park yesterday .
there were many animals there .
i got to feed some of them .
i had a great time at the park .
there were some people wind surfing .
a mallard duck relaxes in the cool pond water .
a rabbit watches the duck interested .
a young rabbit approaches a man that was sitting on the park bench .
from the outside the park looks busy and beautiful .
it is located right near the bustling city and the ocean .
the duck was on the lake
while the rabbit was eating .
the skyline was pretty
as the sun went down
over the boat dock .
not far away from their home stood the old lighthouse .
every now and then they would still go there , remembering days gone by .
they walked on the sandy beach almost daily .
now they stayed in their summer home year 'round .
often they would get the jon boat out and fish along the shore .
our family went camping near the beach this past weekend .
it was n't too rough . we had a nice spread of food .
i enjoyed napping in the hammock .
the beach area was beautiful , and we loved walking in the sand .
the beautiful sunset was a nice end to a lovely day .
we decided to take a family camping trip .
we got the campsite set up in a flash .
we got it done so quickly there was plenty of time to relax .
we visited the local beach .
we stayed until sunset taking and playing .
we found the lighthouse we had been looking for on our vacation .
we were excited to reach it and stopped for a photo .
the beach was stunning .
we walked a little farther and found a lodge .
the lodge had boat rentals , so we rented one .
the family all met up for some camping .
we set up chairs and tents . it looked good .
we lazed around a bit before heading out .
we came up to a beach and decided to walk down to it .
we stood there and watched the sunset . it was amazing .
the day started out with a nice stroll on the beach .
[male] and [male] started building the moat for the castle .
they had some help building the castle .
the end castle was awesome .
the day ended with a nice fire by the water .
the marginal way sign .
arriving at the beach
seagull looking for dinner .
ducks swimming in the water .
waves forming and crashing on rocks .
the trip to the isolate shore was peaceful .
we walked from one side of the shore to the others and the rocks were part of the lake 's beauty .
we walked up a hill and looked down the rocky slope
back to the shore on the bottom .
overall it was a beautiful trip especially as we walked towards the more forest like area away from the shore .
a day by the water , look how big the river rocks are .
this is a beautiful view of the water very calm and peaceful .
i did n't want to climb down and hurt myself so i 'll just stand here and look .
next time we will find a way out on the water and have a day of it , but it 's so calm and serene .
the trees should be greener since it 's by the lake however the are huge .
when walking down to the beach we came to a plaque in the ground .
we passed through the trees to get to the beach .
then we saw a seagull flying over the ocean .
after that we saw some ducks swimming in the water .
we watched as the waves washed over the rocks .
i had a great time on vacation last weekend .
the sunsets were amazing from the beach .
they changed the entire color scheme of the sky .
i watched the sun go down completely .
back in town the sun changed the color of all the buildings .
we arrived at night to our campsite , and had n't explored the area . we were in for a treat .
we took this path and stairway . it was constructed of well worn wooden planks .
the path led to the ocean . we caught a glimpse of the beach . the sign warned us to stay away from the cliffs .
this marker was made by pioneers almost two hundred years ago .
this was our reward at the end of a long hike . what a beautiful place .
a young couple took a trip to the beach to watch the sunset .
they watched people walking down the beach below them and the boats off in the distance
they sat on a wall and watching the sun start to drop .
there was a lot of really old things sticking up out of the water .
the sun set behind an old pier making the sky a beautiful assortment of colors .
view across the lake , you can see the bridge in the center .
the sunset makes beautiful pattern across the water .
this is a closer view of the bridge from where we were standing .
it 's amazing to see the beautiful goldenrod flowers growing on the rocks .
this bird is the king of his roost !
the choppiness of the lake made every rock and passing driftwood look like something out of a legend .
when the light hit the waves just right it sometimes looked like metal .
some of the lake goers liked to walk across the boardwalk and throw pebbles into the drifting waters .
on the beach there were a collection of different creatures , especially the plant life and crustaceans that made it their home .
on a building , a lone seagull began to caw wildly as the smell of fish filled the air .
the beach we stayed at while we were on vacation was gorgeous .
it was a sandy white beach with many huts on the shore .
the water was a beautiful color .
there were some other people there on vacation as well .
we had a great time .
vacation started early by directly going to the beach .
we took our seat and sunbathed for the whole morning .
we sometimes go to the bar to get some liquor .
the kids had a blast simply by exploring the beach .
my wife posing for me on this paradise island .
the beach was gorgeous last weekend .
the people who were under the shade offered us beers .
the tide came in while we were relaxing , bringing in driftwood and seaweed .
a man we 'd watch dig for clams walked by and did n't say hi .
my sister wanted some pictures for her instagram to prove she was at the beach .
a perfect start to my caribbean vacation- blue skies and clear , calm , seas .
a little shade and a time out from the sun at the tiki hut ; maybe i 'll order a pina colada .
i feel like i 'm on my own private beach ; not a soul in sight , but where are the sea shells ?
a local man with very long hair strolls by my lounge chair ; i wonder if those are hair extensions .
i 'm going to miss this beach ; at least i 'll go home with a nice tan .
spending today at the beautiful beach by our hotel .
there 's a bar just behind us , i hear they have really good drinks .
watching the waves roll in under a beautiful sky .
this guy seemed super out of place . i feel like a creeper taking this picture .
my beautiful new wife posing against a beautiful ocean .
i love the beach .
natural formations like this are beautiful .
this is a natural cave .
while at the beach we check out all the wildlife .
we also have a boat we take out on the water .
for the weekend we drove to the lake .
we saw lots of wildlife while we were there .
there were many things to do there , kayaking was fun .
while exploring we found a cave .
it was a great weekend with friends .
ah it 's so beautiful here . this is where dad proposed to mom all those years ago . what a great place to spend an anniversary .
it sure is beautiful here , but do n't let the blue skies fool you , it 's pretty chilly out . look how empty the beach is . it 's certainly not sunbathing weather . mom poses by the big rock with dad behind the camera . that 's right , suck that belly in !
the pair hide out in a natural cave to get out of the wind for a while . arm in arm after all these years .
i wonder what they 're talking about . it looks like a pretty intense conversation . hey , maybe it 's another proposal . how cute !
well , it looks like the spirit of adventure has n't left these two . mom and dad take off on a kayak reliving their youth .
we took our first trip together to the beach . i loved it so much .
i did n't expect to see so many trees and rocks so close to the beach .
after all these years together it 's amazing that this was the first time we 'd gone to the beach .
these birds reminded me of us . they look so in love !
[male] got me to try kayaking . i actually loved it !
the family and friend decided to go to the lake .
the birds were enjoying the weather too .
the two friends got on the water and kayaked for awhile .
then the couple and friend went into the caves .
the three had a glorious day .
i was surprised at my house by my girlfriend .
she took me out to eat at a pizza place .
then we went to the beach and i caught a great picture of her .
we took a selfie together .
at the end of the day , we left the beach with out footprints in the sand .
[male] loved trying new foods .
he was glad he vacationed in such a good place for foodies .
he wanted to try everything on the menu .
after lunch everyone went on a picnic .
on his way home [male] started to get a stomach ache .
it was his first time trying this dish .
the menu had plenty of tasty items listed .
i pulled my hair back before getting into the water .
our first vacation pic together !
our footprints in the sand .
the food in this restaurant near the beach was incredible !
there was no shortage of options for pizza on the menu .
my girl is more beautiful than the ocean !
taking a beach vacation with my lady was a great idea .
all we are leaving behind are footprints , but we are taking away many memories .
before taking a trip to the beach we stopped for lunch .
the restaurant had many different types of pizza .
we got to the beach on such a nice day .
then we stopped to take some pictures to remember our trip .
after that we saw the white sand by the water .
we went on our honeymoon to the location .
the beaches were amazing and the weather was nice .
we visited the harbor on our walk and saw many boats .
the countryside was really green and amazing .
the roads were a bit scary for driving , but we got used to them . we will be back for sure .
though i knew location was an island , i somehow did not expect ports here .
there are cliffs beside the sea .
everywhere i look is green .
the roads wind back and forth up the mountainside .
there , we encounter a flock of sheep on the road . now , that side of location i 've heard of .
i went to location last weekend .
it was an amazing time . the view from my hotel room was breathtaking .
walking in the fields around the hotel was a dream come true . the landscape spoke to me .
i walked for miles . the scenery just kept getting better .
i finally walked so far that i was lost . a large truck picked me up and started driving me in town . i do n't know where we 're going and i 'm kind of scared .
we headed out to the local beach .
the area was very secluded .
every direction around us seemed empty .
we climbed up on to the hill and headed back out .
we got to the road and the adventure continued .
our honeymoon destination was a wedding gift .
my in-laws are very generous and have great taste .
this was the most beautiful place i 've ever seen .
the weather was perfect for the entire week !
sometimes we felt we were in a different century . it was quite an experience .
the johnson family took a vacation to location excited to experience some sun .
unfortunately location had been having a lot of rain .
the johnson 's put on a happy face and tried to make the most of it .
but they were regretting not going to location .
the next day proved that their patience paid off , it was 90 degrees and beautiful .
a family went to the ocean .
they took many pictures together near the water .
they were amazed at how gorgeous the scenery was .
they were surprised to see a goat on the land .
they had the entire place to themselves to swim and explore .
[male] and his wife [female] made a beach trip today .
they brought along one of their friends [female] enjoyed the day .
the scenery was beautiful and everyone enjoyed .
the even ran into some wildlife common in the area .
it began to clear up a little later in the day , which made it much more enjoyable .
[male] and [female] went out to hang out on the beach .
the water was very calm today and it was a cool day .
they met up with [male] 's sister [female] and talked for a while .
[female] invited her boyfriend to come hang out with all of them .
they enjoyed a beautiful nice day on the beach .
she was his first wife and only legal wife .
they had a plural marriage .
her sister wife had never been to the beach .
this was her honeymoon .
she loved the beach .
there was a great sunset at the beach today .
it was very beautiful .
i stayed there for hours admiring it .
i had a great time there .
it was a lot of fun .
we went to the beach to take some pictures of the sunset .
we got there right in time to take pictures .
the sun reflects on the ocean and colors the sky red .
we loved seeing the sun drop into the sky .
it 's like the pictures you see in a storybook .
we traveled around capturing different sunsets .
many of them looked the same with different lighting .
this sunset was ideal for a romantic dinner .
this sunset was the perfect backdrop for a wedding .
the location seems still at this time of day .
on our final night of vacation we decided we 'd sit on the beach until sunset .
it was quiet , serene , as most people had packed it up and headed home for the day .
i thought the kids would get antsy sitting around with us , much to my surprise they loved it as much as me !
[female] made sand castles while mommy had a glass of wine .
finally the moment we had been waiting for , watching the sun disappear behind a wall of ocean , so gorgeous , i 'm not ready to go back to location !
the beach was a bit crowded but still lovely .
the horizon looked gorgeous in the distance .
the sun fell slowly into the sea , treating us all to a radiant view .
it was a once in a lifetime view of the sunset and the ocean .
this picture was my favorite .
today , i made it a goal to learn how to surf ! here i am getting comfortable on the board .
i am watching for the waves . sometimes it takes a while to find the perfect wave !
i decided to go for this wave . that was not a wise decision . the wave and i fought , and the wave won !
here i am trying again . i first have to swim out to the waves . i am still determined to meet my goal .
waiting for the wave is very time consuming . but , i know it will be worth it in the end .
[male] went to swim at the beach .
he was training to become a professional surf boarder .
he was so incredibly focused that day on just his training .
there was little time to relax on the beach [male] spent most of the day in the water .
training to become the best he could be .
went out surfing with my bros .
[male] is still pretty knew and is trying out surfing .
here he is practicing on smaller waves .
he 's getting a lot better at swimming on the board .
[male] is pretty tired from practicing so we 're gon na go grab some smoothies and head out .
perfect day to learn to surf .
ok , i '' m sitting on my board , now what . this is boring .
oh no , i see now here i go .
that was pretty cool . surfing is fun .
here comes a huge wave .
my son went surfing .
he seems pretty good at it .
his friends joined him .
we had the beach to ourselves .
he did n't get up on his board in time . we all laughed about it later .
i went to the beach last week .
i took my wife with me .
we spent hours there .
we had a great time .
i also purposed to her there .
the engagement is official .
they let everyone know through photos .
the love they show is so sweet .
they have such romance about them .
it will be a love of a lifetime .
today was the day we got to take language with photos .
we decided on a beach location .
it was so much fun and i felt even more in love with my fiance .
our photographer did a great job and took amazing photos .
you can not wait to mail them out and share the good news with everybody .
[male] and suzy want to the beach .
they walked along and had a good time .
the sun began to set .
so , they set down together .
[male] proposed to suzy . she said `` maybe , '' and took the ring .
we are together and about to go on an amazing journey !
we have fun walking along the peaceful shore .
two people in love sitting in the sand .
having the time of our lives just the two of us !
we had such an amazing and wonderful time together !
they pulled up onto a deserted island .
they found something strange buried in the sand .
the jungle went quiet .
a strange creature emerged !
it tossed them into the sea and they were never seen again .
when we went to the beach today the oddest things happened .
when we first arrived we took a swim .
then we found the largest shell i have ever seen .
but what was really weird was there was the lone white brahman bull laying in the sand sleeping .
we decided that was our cue to leave this mysterious place . so we hopped in the boat and sped away .
i went on vacation last week .
i was on an island .
the island was beautiful .
there was sand everywhere .
i ca n't wait to go back there .
stranded on the beach . i could n't think of a better place to be until i start getting hungry .
hey , this is a turtle . this is cool . he buried himself .
i could build a little hut right about here with 3 bedrooms and 2 bath .
uh , this is a cow , is he stranded here too . got milk ?
this will be my tub .
low tide always left things behind .
was it dead ?
shells were easier to find .
remnants of a sand sculpture remained .
high tide would take it all back out to sea .
the accommodations on our mission trip were not what we had really expected .
the daily transportation also left some room to be desired .
the special ferry we took down the river to see the city was very pleasant and comfortable .
the city was much different than the location of our mission trip , nice buildings and structures .
the historic organization organization was a sight to behold , even in the daylight . riding it at night on the last day was definitely a high light .
our river boat trip was a lot of fun .
we went down the river and saw many attractions .
the boat was full but that made it even more fun .
even though the water was not blue , we had a great time .
we saw other people and interesting boats on the whole ride down the river .
we 're heading toward the boat ride !
along the shore , a carnival is busy with activity .
here we are on the boat ride , taking in the local scenery .
here 's a view from one side of the boat .
nearby , we saw this boat with a lot of stuff on it .
our family took a vacation to an amusement park by the lake . we stayed in a house and used a boat for transportation .
i loved riding the ferris wheel it was my absolute favorite thing to do .
we would take rides on the ride along boat and hear fun stories about the park .
we would sit outside and look at the trees across the lake .
we even took the ride along boat to the trees and drove through them .
quarters might have been cozy , but the fun we had made it all worthwhile .
even muddied waters could not curb our enthusiasm during the boat rides .
with something interesting seemingly at every turn in the river , cameras were perched , ready to snap a memorable pic .
blues skies prevailed during our stay , as the waters gradually receded to make for an enjoyable respite from the hustle and bustle of the city !
the boat rides took us on a nature journey , while all the time there was the excitement of the amusement park just a dock away .
a couple decided to be dare devils and go out on a volcano .
they were extremely scared , but they were impressed at themselves for achieving it .
once they got passed the scary part , they were able to see a beautiful area .
they had to breathe in a lot of smoke .
once they got off the volcano , they came across a sculpture .
the mist began to rise from the structure .
soon it surrounded the large lagoon .
fortunately we were able to walk fast enough to the small lagoon before the mist caught up .
but soon it made it 's way over to this area too .
upon leaving i took a picture next to the statue near the front entrance .
we toured a volcanic area while on vacation .
it was near water , and there was red algae from the minerals in the ash .
my boyfriend and i loved the nearby warm spring pool .
at one point , it was so smoky we could n't see much .
later , we found a cool statue that was lord of the rings like . it made us act silly .
we passed some caverns on our walk .
we where careful not to disturb anything along the way .
we stopped at a hot spring and relaxed a bit .
the steam was everywhere !
we left but made sure to have a little fun on our way out .
my girlfriend and i decided to visit a hawaiian volcano while on vacation .
it was cool enough for us to get really close to the lava flow .
my girlfriend and i had the guide take a picture of us near an open geyser .
after a while though things started to heat up and margrett was surrounded by steam .
after visiting the park we stopped at the entrance so she could pose with a gargoyle .
the lounge was comfortable .
we explored the gardens .
there were neat things everywhere .
you could see the town off in the distance .
the family was so welcoming .
lots of great scenery on our vacation .
a nice pathway leading away from our hotel .
lots of culture nearby .
a very interesting monkey statue .
also the rental cars are very small here .
we arrived to have dinner at the lovely restaurant in the outskirts .
it was attached to our hotel and was really convenient .
except for the weird statue outside !
we then wondered around the field after dinner to walk off the meal .
and , took a final family photo before we left .
the dinning hall is set for a beautiful ceremony .
the building was hand built around beautiful trees .
this statue stands outside of the building for donations .
there is a track that leads to the building in a big field .
a family awaits there guests for the big ceremony .
on our vacation we ate at many nice restaurants .
the place we stayed at was a great hotel .
we got to see many different statues like this monkey .
walking around the park area was my favorite part .
being there with my whole family was really a blessing .
we went to the beach today .
i finally stopped raining .
we went to party .
then we had something to eat .
it was a fun time .
i was on a boat .
it was near other boats .
we floated down the river .
then under a bridge .
one guy was covered in mud !
it was cold and rainy when we arrived on the island .
the next day was clear , so we took the boat out to watch the locals on the water .
that night , we went to a local bar .
we could n't resist a bit of home from an oddly familiar looking fast food place .
the last day , we hiked up the way and found a secluded beach .
he decided to get away from the dreary day to day he 's used to .
off to a fun tropical island getaway !
it was easy for him to find a party just about every night he was away on the island .
he was n't homesick for fast food either since there was a hungry jacks on the island .
time to get back to the airport to head back home .
there is a dock overlooking the water .
there were two men on the dock looking at the water and buildings .
the buildings were large and there were trees .
there was a big bridge that went across the water .
nearby , on the sand , a man was having a mud bath .
today i went to the beach to take photos for my photography class .
there were not many people out , so i focused on the nature .
there were many seagulls posing for me nearby .
right before i left a quaint little boat silently cruised by .
of all the photos i took today , my favorite was this one of a simple mussel shell .
a couple toasted to a nice vacation .
the couple were joined by older relatives .
the family members went out on a tall-mast boat .
afterwards the family explored the beach and the surroundings .
next to the beach , they found a cemetery where a notable person with the title of president was buried .
i went to visit a lovely seaside town this weekend and had my picture taken .
no one was on the beach except for some gulls .
one intrepid gull waded into the surf to see what he could find .
a nearby fishing boat was the only sign of other humans .
a small shell had washed up on the shore , and i took a picture of it .
a champagne toss for the camera .
grandparents enjoyed boating , and this was overall a fun day .
we saw a manatee and everyone was trying to get a closer look .
not many beach goers and the water was freezing .
tombstone of a past president .
[female] looks beautiful in this light .
our friends the seagulls were following us the whole walk . i think they thought we had food .
seagull deep in thought .
this would be the live . that it i want a sail boat .
found this pretty shell . might frame this picture for the bathroom .
i used my computer to find some products online .
the first product i found were some brown shoes .
i also had been looking for a guitar so i bought that online too .
for dinner , my wife made pasta .
before the sun went down , we ate and relaxed in the grass field .
did n't know what i should today , but knew i needed some fresh air .
i decided to go for a walk .
i first saw this sign for a round a bout which i had never seen before .
then i saw a sign to keep out . somehow the blue sign didnt seem very convincing .
the best part of the walk was thisnadorable little dog i saw .
my friend [male] decided he needed to get out more .
he and i went for a walk around the city , and took pictures as we went .
we saw a roundabout , which was unusual in this part of the world .
we found a place we could n't enter , which tempted us to keep going .
however , we saw a cute dog nearby that made everything better .
mom looked at photos on her computer .
i opened up my new pair of shoes that i have been waiting to wear .
dad got out his guitar and shared it with us .
we went out to eat for some delicious spaghetti !
later we took a ride in the car and checked out some beautiful scenery .
i was cleaning my apartment and found some pictures on my laptop .
then i found my brown shoes .
i found a place to put my new sticker .
after that i cooked spaghetti for lunch .
when i was done i took a trip through the country side .
here [female] debating whether or [female] going for a swim .
me and the kids decided to spend the day on the beach .
here they are deleting the photos that did n't seem acceptable for them .
here is [female] again jumping and wanted to attract attention .
here is [male] trying to look athletic and jittery .
one day three sisters went to the beach .
they took selfies to show their friends on social media .
it was very windy that day .
so windy that the girls had a hard time keeping their scarves from blowing away .
later that evening , they enjoyed telling everyone of their adventures at the beach .
i brought my little girl and her friends to play on the beach .
they found some interesting looking shells in the sand .
my daughter 's friend wanted to wear her new cultural garments .
she had some well designed scarfs and whatnot .
back home my wife was happy to see the girls after a long day at work .
[female] was very excited to tell her mother about the huge dolphin she saw in the water .
and even better , her friends were there to corroborate the story .
her friend [female] was quick enough to take pictures as it jumped up .
[female] was so excited about the dolphin that she felt like dancing in the sand .
and then her friend joined her ! it was a great day .
hello , we 're here !
let 's share our photos together .
it was windy on the beach .
i had to hold my shawl tightly so the wind would n't whip it away .
it 's too windy , so we 'll have fun inside .
the campfire was warm .
everyone gathered around the warmth to share songs and stories .
wood kept getting added to the fire over the course of the night .
sharing time in front of a fire brought back childhood memories .
everyone was happy to be spending this time together . the glowing fire kept spirits high .
our family had a blast on vacation !
we toured the local attractions in the morning .
we stopped for drinks in the afternoon .
many photos were taken to post on social media .
we even attended a bonfire on the beach one evening .
started the day off w/ breakfast w/ the family .
then we went to a museum down the street .
had a few drinks during lunch .
making memories w/ my cousin .
ending the night right , a giant bon fire w/ the family i love .
every one got together for dinner .
at dinner , there was an interesting mural on the wall .
everyone looked and it and talked about it .
the smiled and took pictures with it to remember it .
after dinner , they decided to have a bonfire to end the night .
the friends were all gathered at the bonfire .
they decided to chat for awhile .
they added more sticks to make the bonefire really roar .
he was having a grand time enjoying all the company .
they were wondering who was going to get the marshmallows .
i chose to go here for vacation after receiving this postcard .
our hotel over looked the city .
the city lights were very pretty .
the hotel had a tropical courtyard .
the beach we went to looked just about like the postcard .
today we decided to go out on the town to find a new place
we looked around and saw a lot of apartment buildings . but we wanted houses .
the houses were all very fenced in that were near the coast
i wanted a view that looked a bit more like this for our house .
i suppose we will come back tomorrow and look at places again
i went on vacation in a tropical paradise and took pictures of my trip .
from my room , you could see the buildings of the city stretch out before you .
the buildings looked especially lovely at night .
on the ground , the palm trees and tropical plants were everywhere .
the beach was quite beautiful , especially at sunset .
the courtyard was empty at the boarding school . morning bells rang to signify the classes but no one came .
all of the buildings were empty of the children that usually filled the halls .
it did n't look like the children had tried to escape by jumping the walls .
checking the places that they kids usually liked to play came up nothing .
all over the city the parents searched for their children . it was a mystery . no one ever saw the kids again .
paradise for [female] was living on the beach .
she loved that her apartment was close to downtown , but still on the quiet beach .
she loved watching the city lights light up the night ,
and she loved watching the beautiful trees line the peaceful beach .
yeah , her apartment was in paradise .
a fire performer was at the beach last night
he was amazing in how he made designs out of fire .
he moved so quickly . it was like watching the fire dance .
although the flames would get close to his body , he never got burned .
for the finale , he created this huge spiral of fire . it was quite a show !
at parties sometimes people throw fire .
it looks dangerous .
people that are trained firethrowers usually know what they 're doing .
it 's important for the crowd to stand back .
when people are throwing fire it can be mesmerizing .
there was a performance on the beach .
one person lit up the torch .
later , a woman twirled the sticks in the air .
they used very rapid motions .
lastly , this was a design that was created by the performer .
a performer was trying to find a talent they were good at .
they decided to try fire art .
they found out that it was harder than they imagined it was .
they were unable to create creative designs .
they gave up once they almost burned themselves .
the luau i went to on saturday feature a fire dancer .
he treated the fire sticks like they were simple little sparklers .
some of the fire tricks were n't that impressive .
other tricks were a little bit more interesting .
however , by the finale i was so wowed that i wanted to see the show again .
the guys prepared for their trip .
they were cold and wished they 'd brought heavier coats .
they warmed up by sliding on the ice .
ouch ! that hurts .
then it was time to head home .
my friends and i needed a break from work so we packed the car for a trip .
it was a long drive to lake but the scenery made it worthwhile .
my friends liked the mountains and the snow .
it was a little slippery to get to our cabin , but we laughed about it and had fun .
the restful views were just what i needed to take a break from work .
time to get ready for a nice trip .
it is snowing outside , but it is still nice .
we are all going to try some sledding on this hill .
it is n't very steep so it is not dangerous .
time to finally end our day , and drive home .
my friends and i took a road trip this winter in my friend 's ancient car .
we found a snow field to walk around in .
my buddies found an area with a ice fall that we were able to slide down .
one friend was less successful in sliding down on his feet .
we drove back as the sun was going down , exhausted from our day .
one winter day , [male] could n't get the car to start because it was so cold .
so he decided to skip work instead and have a snow day with his friends .
they played in the snow ,
of course falling down multiple times .
this gorgeous winter day was the perfect one for [male] and his friends to take a snow day .
today we went to the beach for a nice trip .
there was a beach house which we were renting for the night .
there were a lot of fish today when i went out to go swimming .
the sun was setting and we were ready to go inside and eat then go to bed .
the sun was rising very slowly that morning . it would be far too cold to go swimming today .
went to the beach nd was delighted that it was n't crowded .
the pools were also empty making me feel like i had the whole place to myself .
the sky was beautiful in the late afternoon .
i saw schols of fish as the water was quite clear .
the sunset was remarkable .
the waves on the ocean came towards the shore .
employees at the vacation spot woke up every day and cleaned the pool .
no one knew how all of the little fish made it into the pool each day .
looking out over the ocean provided a feeling of relief to everyone who worked there .
wishing that the fish would stay in the ocean , and out of the pool , employees at the vacation spot watched the sun set on another confusing day .
we walked around the resort to see what was around .
we found a pool with a swim up bar .
in a pond near by there was fish that was swimming around .
then we watched out into the ocean .
we watched the sun set over the ocean .
our first beach vacation . upon arrival , we immediately headed to the beach .
after laying in the sand , we headed to the pool for some swimming and drinks .
the resort had a gorgeous view of the ocean .
it also had a cool goldfish pond , where you could feed the fish by hand .
our wonderful first day was capped off by this amazing sunset .
at the beach , my kids found an area to make a fort .
my little boy began building first .
he left to go recruit workers .
when he got back , my other son and daughter helped out .
when they got board , they left and went surfing .
kids are playing at the beach making a trench so the water can not get in .
the kids are making the sand tall but the waves are still hitting the sand .
the wave hits one end of the sand and moves some .
the kids run over to try and stop the water from taking the whole sand trench .
the kids are disappointed that the trench is almost completely gone .
my kids and i decided to go to the beach this weekend .
my son and two daughters started building a sand castle .
it turned into more of a sand fort , or perhaps a sand trench .
nonetheless , the kids had a blast building it .
the waves came in and started to erode the wall , much to my son 's disappointment .
the parents took the kids to the beach during summer vacation .
there , they build a nice sand ditch
in which they played inside .
their older sister kept trying to run through it ,
but it 's okay , they moved the ditch to try and keep her out .
[male] saw this indention in the beach , and knew it could be bigger .
he began to dig and dig , until he was surrounded by a mud wall around the entire hole .
however , he could not stop the oncoming ocean from trying to knock it down .
he tried to recruit some friends to help build it up against the sea .
alas , their help was not enough , and he finally gave in to the oceans continuous push to fill up his hole .
i am sipping a shot at a local bar .
i am checking my cell for any missed messages while away .
trying a local beer at a local restaurant .
great evening to be walking the beach .
and of course , standing on the plank while out fishing .
my friend and i spent a weekend on this cozy little island .
we rented a house by the water . it was a great place to take a long stroll after dinner .
next day we went sailing . the water looks cold but it was n't too bad .
[male] could n't resist acting a scene from titanic . always the clown !
back on shore , we headed to the local pub for dinner and drinks .
my friends and i decided to take a road trip through location .
we found a bunch of open fields and took our pictures in them .
nearby we found a lake , and across it a country church .
in town , my friend insisted on climbing on a boat and taking his picture like [female] from titanic .
at the end of the day , we found a local bar to sit in .
miked loved drinking beer before going to the ocean .
he was texting pictures of his friends of all the obscure microbrews he tried at the bar .
this ale was one of his favorites .
[female] ended up leaving [male] at the bar to drink while she went to go have fun .
[male] could n't find his way to the beach but he did recreate a scene from the titanic at the dock .
[male] liked to drink ,
and he liked to text ,
but most of all he liked to drink .
his sister , bev , however , like to be outside on the beach instead of inside drinking at the bar .
sometimes [male] would humor her and go outside to spend time with her , and those days were the best .
the night before the wedding we had a couple of beers
little [male] and i in the back seat of the car on the way to the wedding .
oh ... this is a great photo of [female] and [male] walking down the road
everyone was standing there waiting .
look at everyone 's beautiful outfits in this photo
[female] had been a close friend since they were kids .
[male] and [female] had recently broke up but she still had n't told her why .
winona did n't want to pry into [female] 's personal affairs .
she knew [female] would tell her when she got ready .
winona wasnt very surprised when [female] told her she was and had been in love with a woman for quite some time .
the mother and her daughters took a picture by the beach .
he pointed in the direction of the tour .
she wondered how to travel around the area .
she walked away to think for a minute .
she was ready to get moving .
over the weekend , we went to celebrate my friend 's wedding and we drank a lot the night before .
here i am with my son , on the way .
here is a couple making their way up .
a bunch of family and friends waiting around for the couple .
here are all the bridesmaids standing and waiting for the bride and groom .
i had a great time at the hike yesterday .
there were a lot of people there .
it was a lot of fun .
i was getting sunburned while i was there .
i decided to head back .
as we flew towards the island where we would spend the week , i could see the city spilling down the hillside towards the sea .
the hotel where we would spend our nights overlooked the harbor where i was able to watch the boats come in each afternoon .
on our second day , we hiked up the coast to a breathtaking overlook of the cliffs where they met the water .
on the hike home , we were followed a little ways by a curious resident of the island .
on our last night at the harbor , we ate dinner at a restaurant overlooking a quirky clock tower by the harbor . it looked like a bright red lighthouse on the dock .
the travel destination featured a large city nested within a beautiful natural location .
wildlife abounded in the natural areas .
some of the wildlife even made it onto the human world .
a hotel provided world class comfort .
a traveler was pleased by all aspects that the travel destination offered .
the island was so gorgeous .
there were always people walking around and exploring .
you could see beautiful heights if you were willing to climb .
and there were animals all over the place .
people always said once they got there they did n't want to leave .
i took this as we approached the island .
the town was almost deserted that morning .
a view from the road as we drove to our little get-away .
this little deer looked lost to me .
i took this from the museum window after our delicious lunch .
i took this picture from the plane on my trip to location .
the first town we visited did n't look anything like it expected .
however , when i saw the deep blue ocean water i knew that i had made the right choice .
i saw tons of wildlife on the trip , including several deer .
the weather was a little gloomier than i expected on most days .
the view at the camping site was beautiful .
i had a great time there .
there were many wildlife creatures there .
we spent some time exploring .
there was a small town nearby .
it was a beautiful day so i decided to go exploring .
i first went to visit a lighthouse .
i then watched some boats pass by .
i caught a couple of deer while they were eating .
after walking further , i came across an abandoned building and decided to investigate .
the travelers could see mountains in the distance as they reached their destination .
there was an old lighthouse that used to warn ships of danger .
they could see a ship in the distance .
deer were grazing in a nearby field .
they decided to explore the old underground bunker .
it was a nice evening next to the lake .
the deer were exploring the grass together .
they surveyed the area and looked for new things to eat .
nearby , in a town , it was quiet and there were no people around .
it was an eerie quiet and felt like it would end at any time .
our bed and breakfast had a wonderful view from our room .
we walked to the beach and found a beautiful lighthouse .
then we debated taking the ferry but it was too much for one day .
we relaxed instead and took photos of deer near the lighthouse .
we wondered what was behind this door under the lighthouse . we 'll never know .
a woman came with her binoculars to have a look at the ocean .
first she saw a duck swimming in the ocean .
she saw other birds in the surf looking for food .
suddenly one of them scampered on shore to eat a bit of fish .
then he saw the woman with the binoculars and scampered back into the sea .
[female] was out on an adventure to do some sight seeing .
she saw a nice duck in the water .
a beautiful cascading waterfall .
a sand piper running across the sandy beach .
finally she just kicked back and watched the clouds roll by .
we went for a walk on the beach , yesterday .
we were going bird watching .
the beach was a great place to do that , because the birds are all over .
they looked so funny picking away for food .
we definitely saw our share of birds .
i decided to practice my photography on nature .
i photographed a lonely duck at the lake .
then there was the waterfall and the stream in the woods .
i even caught a lone bird searching for food .
then there was the sky overhead that casted a darkness over the area .
[female] wanted to go out in nature to take photos .
she saw a duck and named him [male] .
she saw a small waterfall and named it [male] .
she saw a bird and named it [male] .
she saw a sunset and did n't name it because it 's not a living creature .
we were looking for the perfect place to have a wedding..
and , when we arrived at the pier , we felt we had found the location .
there was plenty of seating and a beautiful walk-up..
and , the decorative scene would make for a glorious wedding .
it was decided , we would get married here !
we walked down to the beach today .
what an incredible sculpture . it is so big and impressive .
we continued our walk down to the pier where we stopped to look at the seals .
sunset time - gorgeous views of the waters .
while walking back from the beach we saw this graffiti art . what a way to end the day .
i had a great time at the beach last weekend .
there were some monuments there .
i had a great time .
the weather was very good .
there were also some graffiti there .
when [male] arrived , all was quiet on the beach .
he walked around , enjoying the quiet and taking in the scenes .
he even sat for a while in the gazebo , enjoying the sound of waves crashing .
the construction work sat , abandoned for warmer days , and it made him feel isolated .
but the fun , creative graffiti put a smile upon his face .
during our vacation seeing the water was the best part .
we got to see the sunset on the water every night .
the docks were so much fun to walk around on .
seeing the blue sky behind the docks was breathtaking .
their was a little shop under one of the docks .
we got to stay in this little beach house this summer .
there was a nice covered area set up for us on the beach .
we often took naps here in the afternoon .
every morning we woke up to these kinds of sunrises .
on my last day , i knew i 'd miss this place .
we are at a beautiful tropical resort .
let 's explore the beach .
we found a tiny shack with thatched roof .
look at the beautiful horizon .
the water is so clear i can see the rocks below .
i went to the beach last weekend .
there was a huge stretch of sand .
i was the only person there .
the weather was very cloudy .
after a few hours the sun came back out .
the house next to the beach was the perfect location for us .
as newlyweds , we wanted to live in a place near the ocean .
this environment would be perfect for us and the baby .
the view was spectacular and there was not another person in sight .
my wife brought a swimsuit just to test how cold the water was .
[female] is on vacation at this beach side resort for two weeks .
she loves sitting out on the rocks watching the waves .
they have palm leaf cabanas for people to rest under .
a storm was offshore but the waters were still calm on the beach .
this is a picture of the room [female] stayed in .
my friends and i decided to go camping .
when we arrived at the camping site , we could n't get in due to a heard of sheep .
we had to turn back around , so we parked the rv near some water .
we decided to go boating .
we went on the beach afterwards to build sand castles .
it 's that time again to head out and find some fun adventures .
lots of snow capped mountains were explored .
a minor setback when the road was blocked by many sheep .
finally found some serenity to myself for awhile .
then it was time to hit the road again in search of fun and adventure .
i took my rv on a road trip last weekend .
there were a ton of animals on the road .
i had a great time there .
we also went on our boat .
i dug a hole and took a bath .
the rv drives down the road past all of the scenery .
the mountain behind is snowy and the field surrounding has trees .
a group of sheep block the path way for the rv .
it stops for a moment for the driver to stretch his legs .
they are back on the road again and on their current path .
on our trip through the country we took our large truck .
as we drove away the snowy mountains were breathtaking in the background .
a herd of sheep ran up to our truck as we drove by .
we parked our truck by the water to enjoy the view .
driving down the country road was extremely relaxing .
i went to the beach today .
it was in the middle of winter .
it was very cold there .
there were still animals in the ocean .
the snow was very deep in some places .
[male] was hiking among some rocks .
he felt like he was training to be in a boxing match or something .
he took in the view from high up .
then he snapped a selfie of himself .
then took another picture of the waves crashing up against the rocks .
we visited the mouth of a river the other day .
the river led right out into the ocean .
the water was foamy where the seawater met the river water .
there were cool animals there , like starfish .
we got a great view of the ocean from above .
we visited the rocks today ,
[male] enjoyed walking across ,
and almost falling below .
this little cutie kept hiding ,
and then got washed away with the water .
the view of the canyon was amazing .
i ca n't believe that we made it .
it was a long hike .
he was proud of our efforts .
we could feel the mist from the spray .
while the accommodations were small , it did n't matter because most of our time was spent out and about .
before heading out for the day , we stopped for breakfast .
the area around the town was small and unimposing .
the cruise ship was magnificent .
location location was beautiful ; the gardens highlighted the natural nature in the area .
our bedroom for the next two weeks .
eating breakfast before going out .
view from our balcony .
getting on a ferry to cross the island .
visiting the queens town gardens .
i went to the bedroom last week .
after that i went with my friends to grab some breakfast .
after we ate we took a cruise .
the water was very beautiful .
we had a great time there .
i was staying in a hovel of a boarding house .
the cafeteria-style kitchen was n't that bad though .
the town was quiet and had no nightlife !
i saw a few ships , but i could n't afford to board one .
i found some work to help cover my cost of living while i waited for my family to wire me money !
make the bunks , time to get moving .
have breakfast first .
walk into town .
ride the fairy over .
time to start work .
it was a great day to go to the beach today .
the sky was beautiful .
the water was also gorgeous .
there were some tire tracks on the beach .
i had a great time there .
it was a beautiful day to go to the beach .
the sun was trying to peak through the clouds .
the sun was setting and it was so beautiful .
they snapped a picture of the bird flying over the ocean .
it was finally time to go home aft the sun had set .
when i look at this photo , it makes me believe , believe in a world that is much bigger than i can imagine .
the way the sky opened to allow the sun to shine through , is representative of hope .
as the sun set , we just stood there , forever inspired and changed .
the next day , the sea was gracious enough to be wavy so that we could surf .
that night , we waited to experience the sunset again .
the sky is blue with some fluffy white clouds .
the beach is pretty empty with only a few people going for a beachwalk .
the sun is setting right behind the ocean .
in the sky are birds that are looking for fish to eat .
the group of people on the beach are in the dark .
the clouds and the sun interacted beautifully on our trip to the beach .
the tide started to rise in the early afternoon .
some folks strolling along the beach enjoying the cool water .
tire tracks left by one of the lifeguard vehicles .
the clouds filling in the beautiful beach landscape .
i had a great time at the beach yesterday .
the view was great .
i really enjoyed my stay there .
at night i went to see the town .
it was n't very big so i stayed at the dog to watch the boats .
here 's the sign at our destination !
it looks like the view goes on for miles !
this is the car we used to get there !
also saw a classic car on the way back to the hotel .
we decided to take a walk after dinner along the pier .
one vacationer decided to visit port hardy because it offered so much to do for visitors , from kayaking to camping .
he shot a picture of the picturesque lake .
he took many walks along the water , which stretches for miles and miles .
he also checked out the sights in the village of location .
his favorite part of the journey was night time , when he saw the boats peacefully docked .
i headed out to port haroy to solve the geo-cache mystery my friend had set up .
the was labeled mermaids grotto . the clues lead me on .
ship-breaker bay ? they would have to be small ships .
then onto this tiny village , the geocatch was in an alley behind the pub .
finally out to the marina . it really was an all day treasure hunt .
in this town , there 's a famous car .
the car travels the open road .
it 's a ramcharger .
this car is blue and everyone loves it .
it can out run any boat .
i went to the beach .
there was a bird .
it was beautiful .
just look a the waves .
i colors were amazing .
the beach has so many moods in the course of a day .
there 's the midday mood , with shades of blue .
there 's the sunset mood , with lines of color .
there 's the during sunset mood , with a trail to the sun in the water .
i love all the moods . i could spend the rest of my life at the beach .
there was a bird on the beach hanging out with us while we waited for the sunset .
the bird was very patient about catching food .
while we were waiting , we talked about the last sunset was watched from that beach .
finally it was time , and the sky was glowing with evening radiance .
the lapping water was the perfect soundtrack for the evening .
amazing photo of seagull on the shore . you have to love the beach .
you have to love still waters . a lone seagull enjoying the water .
the serene water is so amazing .
it is always amazing to see the wonders of the world call it a day .
the sun has finally gone down and there is nothing left to say but it is amazing .
the bird lives by the ocean .
sometimes the bird would go close to the water .
sometimes the bird would go in the water .
sometimes the bird would watch the sun set .
sometimes the bird would be in the dark on the ocean .
i took a picture with my lovely children here .
then i took them to their grandparents house to talk to them .
once we were done there , we drove to the beach so they could build sand castles .
the birds were flying in a frenzy towards noon .
before we left , my son buried himself in sand .
a man and his two kids take a picture together before going to the beach .
after they get to the beach , the family decides to make sand castles together .
while at the beach , they see many birds flying around .
the sister buries her brother in the sand .
finally , before they leave , the entire family takes a nice , relaxing swim .
picked the kids up from grandmas for beach day !
they loved building sand castles and made a few friends there too .
the seagulls scared us when they all flew overhead , luckily they didnt do anything dirty .
here they are burying each other , those dang kids !
they finally jumped into the water , the water felt so good today !
a parent and his two kids at a wedding .
two kids appreciating their grand mother reading a book to them .
the kids could n't stop playing at the beach today .
the sea gals invaded the beach at 3pm .
the kids was enjoying the beach today .
today i surprised the kids with a trip to the beach .
when we got there , they played with other kids in the sand . they made sand castles all morning .
there were so many seagulls flying overhead .
the kids took turns burying each other in the sand .
then we all swam in the ocean before the sun went down .
the town had a lot of historic monuments .
[female] and [female] were excited to be visiting location .
the countryside was beautiful .
[female] was glad to be on vacation with her lifelong friend .
they decided they would come back to this town in a few years if they still hung out .
i went to visit my friends at thei house on the beach .
it was a beautiful day and we could n't wait to get there .
it was about a mile walk to the beach from their house and we had to cross a bridge to get there .
we stopped and talked along the way and had a little something to eat
when we finally got to the beach , we saw that the tide was out .
here is the perfect view of our vacation . we love traveling abroad .
the beach is absolutely amazing . it is the perfect time of year here .
here we are heading for a rest stop . we have been walking a lot .
time for us to take a rest . we just want to sit and enjoy one another 's company .
the clouds are amazing here and the water is still . time for us to call it a day .
we went on vacation , and enjoyed the vintage small town feel of the local village .
we made sure to take time to take a break from all of our sight-seeing .
we did a little shopping and got some nice pics on this bridge .
we saw the ocean and this small lake only feet from each other .
we were lucky enough to have cooperating weather and got plenty of pictures because of it ! a great vacation !
this is a picture of a village .
this is a picture of a beach .
two friends are walking together .
people are sitting on the bench .
this is an empty clearing .
our trip to location was the perfect place for our honeymoon .
i spoke to this old couple that were coming back for their 10 year anniversary .
we visited to the local fruits and vegetable stands in old city .
we also visited the local artists and gave a unique history lesson .
here is our beautiful hotel with magical lighting .
we started our day in location with a gondola ride .
we saw many historic buildings .
the street vendors were fun to see .
we enjoyed looking at paintings .
we ended the day with a beautiful view of the city at night .
out of the country on vacation and this is one of the most fantastic views on the trip .
posing by the beach and absolutely loving the view .
had never seen a fruit stand in a small alley before , absolutely fantastic .
there is nothing like a little night walking and finding someone hard at work making art .
the night time here is great with the lights casting over the waters .
we went to see the canals on our trips .
we were with some other tourists who had the same idea .
we picked up our breakfast from a street vendor selling fresh fruits .
there was an artist working nearby and selling their pieces .
at night , we went back to the canals and marveled at the beauty .
we went to location . yeah , location !
pictures by the location are beautiful , even when the weather is n't cooperating .
the produce section is not refrigerated , but it is beautiful !
art . ca n't go to location without looking at the art , and it 's beautiful especially with focused lighting !
location at night ! ca n't say much when this picture says so much , beautiful !
it was a fun festival at the beach .
bubby had fun playing in the sand .
there was a crazy fast plane in the sky .
a sky diver bailed out .
dad gave bubby a ride home as we gave our take on the holiday .
spent the day at the beach with my kids.it was a warm day , but thankfully not to hot .
my youngest [male] was so happy.he really enjoyed playing in the sand .
i looked up in the sky and saw someone gliding through the sky.it was pretty neat to see .
i love this little guy , time for some much needed daddy hugs .
oh look a airplane daddy ! i want to fly one some day . is n't family time the greatest ?
a boy and his family went to the beach for a day .
his baby brother loved to play in the sand !
the boy lay on his back and watched a jet fly overhead .
he also saw a paraglider up in the sky !
when baby brother got tired , dad carried him on his shoulders .
the boy was very happy at the air show . it was located on the beach this year .
his little brother loved it too . he loved playing in the sand .
the planes did some amazing maneuvers .
there was also a man that sky dived down to the ground as part of the show .
on the way back home , his little brother got a ride on their father 's shoulder .
a day at the beach with the boys . this one brought a book .
the younger son played in the sand , he had so much fun building .
later some planes flew low over the beach .
out jumped a skydiver ! he almost even landed on the beech . bystanders pulled him out of the water .
the little one was exhausted , but dad was happy to carry him back to the car .
we went to the renaissance fare today .
there was a lot of shows.mes .
and a lot of crazy costumes .
we ate a lot of good food .
it was a great time .
we went to a medieval fair .
the actors at the fair were really good .
one of them even had a pet lamb .
we watched a great presentation about the history of medieval times .
it was lots of fun . i 'm sure we 'll go again next year .
the festival downtown was a great success . i loved the medievel period .
the actors put on a great comedy sketch and had the crowd 's ear .
this old man was one of my favorites of the day . i love the mustache and the green cap .
the food was plentiful and very well prepared .
i felt a little tug as they waved goodbye . i had so much fun i did n't want to leave .
a sunny day at the renfair .
these three put on a great skit , very dirty innuendo in the jokes .
this old elf was a fantastic cook .
its better than it looks
three roving comedians entertained the crowd .
people have dressed up in costume clothing .
people are putting on a show .
this man is wearing green .
this is a plate of food .
this is a group of people .
crossing the location location location , we were all excited for our vacation .
there were people everywhere crossing it .
the traffic went by pretty slow so we were a little bored .
but the view made it worth it somehow .
after we finally arrived , we took a boat trip to celebrate .
the next time you take a trip to location , your really ought to visit location location .
the bay is so beautiful this time of year , and the gulls just love it .
people come from all over the country too see all the magnificent sites .
if you have the time you might also want to make the trip out to location , and go on one of the many boat tours they offer there .
there 's nothing quite like the open sea , so peaceful and serene .
the bridge stretches over the bay .
from the bridge we could see many seagulls .
cars drive over the bridge , but we decided to walk and see more .
finally we found a place to park our car .
then we got on a big boat to see more of the bay .
we took our parents to see the location location bridge .
the footbridge had lots of tourists on it .
many people do n't know that the bridge crosses into location location , that it 's not totally in location location .
the water down below lapped at the rocks .
we could see a few boats , so we decided to board on for a scenic tour around the bay .
this is a picture of the golden gate bridge .
this is a picture of the skyline .
the speed limit is 45 .
this is a picture of the beach .
this is a picture of a white boat .
finally , there is a wave to surf !
up and over the wave . what 's next ?
not much to work with , but he jumps into the wave and gains momentum .
this man is making the most of this small wave .
a successful ride ; this surfer will just ride to shore .
surfing had become his passion .
he loved riding the waves .
he became quite good at it .
occasionally he would take a spill but he had never been seriously injured .
when he could catch a good wave , he found the speed exhilarating .
oh my goodness ! check me out on these waves .
today was the perfect day to get some surfing in .
i never missed a wave . i love this type of weather .
check me out here , that is really a trick surf . no , i did n't fall .
see check me out here , i rode that wave . love the ocean .
his first wave is a little small but he sets himself up well from the start .
he does a quick turn to gain some speed .
then he turns back the other way to launch off the crest of the wave .
he lands at the top of the next wave ready for his final move .
he slides down the end of the wave for an almost flawless performance .
decided to go out surfing today .
there were some good waves and good times had .
this here was a scary moment . fell like i was going to wipe out .
and i did ... but it 's all in the game !
it 's all worth it for moments like these .
our town has a really nice beach .
it 's relaxing to sit under the palm trees and watch the world go by .
we also played in the water and collected shells .
we saw this sailboat heading towards the harbor .
our day was capped off by a beautiful sunset .
we landed on an island with a serene beach ,
in order to find the church where our friends were getting married .
the couple looked beautiful as they walked down the aisle in the historic church .
the later had the reception nearby .
and behind the venue 's building was the most beautiful scene . it was a great party culminating with a perfect sunset .
there was no one on the beach yesterday .
i went down to see if there was anyone to talk to .
i did n't see anyone there .
there were some boats .
i stayed to watch the sunset .
had a great trip to the ocean today .
it was pretty empty , but all that meant is more room for us !
the beach and the waterline looks great .
it 's really beautiful out here , especially when the clouds play along . wish we were in that boat .
the sunset was really something else . [female] to catch more like this in the future .
the shore was looking very nice
when the trees were blowing .
the waves were hitting
and the boats were coming in
as the sun went down .
today big [male] told us it was 11 bong and we decided to take a trip .
thanks for the time big [male] ! see you later !
the docks were really pretty . we decided to have a dock party .
not many people came . but we still had loads of fun today
the day ended on a good note . what is in store for tomorrow ?
going to the beach today to camp out and view the city !
look at all the docks lined up out there .
my view from the tent tonight , so pretty !
walking in to town to see this army of eagle lions ?
the clock tower , so magnificent !
i visited location this year and took a bunch of pictures of the city .
i saw location location location location , which was beautiful .
all around the city , the locals had docked their boats .
everyone had a boat and everyone made use of it .
at night , the moon rising over the ocean was especially beautiful .
we started off our day by the shore .
then we moved back inland to get a better picture of the scenery .
the water was so beautiful at night .
we saw so many tourists attractions .
i made sure to get a picture of the bell tower .
the clock tower
can be seen from the water .
boats that dock at the pier can see it ,
and they have a great view of the surrounding trees .
at night , the water looks gorgeous , especially with the moon reflecting on it .
at the beach there is a lot to do .
you can spend a whole day there . there is a lot to do like surfing .
there are a lot of people that come to the beach to enjoy the sun .
people like to go swimming and do a lot of outdoor activities .
people sit on the beach in their bathing suits and enjoy their leisure time .
wow look at these guys go ! they are so cool .
saw a hot chick and just had to take a photo .
going to my buddies ' place to drink .
[male] and [male] trying to find a radio station .
just me and the guys drinking it up !
the family went to the beach despite the dark clouds .
they saw some surfers plying their craft in the waves .
other people were doing their best to have fun despite the weather .
once the clouds cleared , everybody ran into the water .
the mother and her friends sat on the beach and sunbathed .
all of the families went down to the ocean for a fun time .
surfers came down too , to show off .
it started out as a cloudy day but everyone thought the sun would come out .
as luck would have it they were right .
over the course of the morning the sun started to shine and all of the people had to end up putting on sunscreen .
it was such a good day for surfing .
our family dog also enjoyed the beach .
this country is quite underdeveloped .
he is teaching him how to use the new device .
relaxing and having a few drinks after a long day on the beach
a fundraiser was being held , and all of the famous radio dj from 98.1 chfi came .
the night was great , with plenty of entertainment from the radio crew .
it was time though to announce the total amount donated from the fundraiser .
the huge check was presented , and everyone was very pleased at the goal they achieved .
about 150,000 dollars was accumulated , all thanks to the help of 98.1 chfi .
the benefit was a big success .
there was pizza .
the costumes were wild .
a large check was presented to charity .
the night finished up with some fifties-style dancing .
we are having a costume party today .
everyone is ready , and getting on stage .
we all have our own little shows to perform .
there is even going to be a winner announced .
congratulations to the winner of the contest .
yesterday i went to a 70s themed party .
everyone was having a good time .
[male] and i had a blast in our outfits . i loved his wig .
we raised $ 150,000 for the organization organization organization organization .
there was a dance contest and [female] and [female] won !
wrok 98.1 held their annual fundraiser this past week . this year 's them was disco !
the wacky morning crew got into the spirit , dressing up like cool guys from the 70s .
here they are cracking jokes and trying to sound like real hipsters .
the goal of the fundraiser was to raise money for the organization organization organization organization .
it was a great success , as they were able to donate $ 150,000 to the charity .
i went rock climbing yesterday .
this was my guide .
i am just a beginner .
my guide had to coax me up the wall .
one climber did n't wear a helmet .
[male] leading the way and showing what foot holds to use .
[male] looking down and showing me where to go .
[male] trying to get a purchase on the rock face .
[male] hanging out right under the horizontal face .
[male] trying to get technical and scaling the horizontal face .
rock climbing is a great way to exercise .
[female] has been rock climbing since college .
her friend [male] just started rock climbing .
safety is the first precaution before trying to climb .
[female] always feels proud after a climb .
the cliff was high , but i knew we could do it .
we got our gear and started up .
some stayed at the bottom at first for extra safety .
the higher we got the further the ground was . it was exciting .
we climbed back down and gazed upon what we had just accomplished .
the mountain is tall and very rocky .
the man climbs up the mountain with all of his climbing gear on .
next his son comes up after him .
the father watches his sons progress from higher above .
the son is somewhat scared and does n't really want to be doing this .
that morning , i went with my partner and friends to the beach .
we took a group picture by the water .
then we went to do some bird watching and took pictures of these birds .
when we got home , i washed the car .
that night , i made sure our christmas lights were on .
the family went on vacation to a lovely isand .
the girls split of into their own group .
the men stayed at the hotel and had a great time .
they saw many sights on their trip , but this church was their favorite
eventually they had to return home to their modest house .
decided to go to the river today with some friends .
here we are taking a picture together at the pier .
the river had some ducks swimming arounds , i made sure to feed them before leaving .
got to drive home in this stylish cadillac , all my friends are jealous of it .
we lit up the house in christmas lights today and it looked amazing !
the young couple decided to visit their parents for a christmas holiday at the beach .
the father along with his sons posed by the waterfront instead of the traditional snowman .
usually covered in snow , the family was instead greeted by warm air and seagulls on their doorstep .
on christmas eve , there was no sign of snow .
on the night before christmas , the house was turned into a giant decoration to show christmas was finally here .
today we spent it with friends along the beach .
we walked along the piers that go out to the ocean .
we did have a fantastic view of the birds looking for fish in the water .
one of our friends was driving an old classic car .
we then took a trip to look at christmas lights on the houses .
i work at an observatory .
it is near the coast .
there is a lot of water around .
the front of the observatory is pretty large .
there are a lot of interesting plant life around .
this dome has been here for so long , seeing it is just amazing .
gazing down at the endless landscape , loving it .
water slowing lapping up onto the old and sharp rocks .
built so long ago , we are lucky to be able to see it still standing today .
far down , i wish i could be there with the trees .
we scouted this building a few miles away .
the scenery around the building was spectacular .
the water was brushing the shore .
as we got closer to the building , we realized its white color .
the shore was so beautiful next to the building .
my house is near an observatory .
one side of the observatory overlooks a forest .
the other side is near some water .
the main telescope is really large .
it typically faces the forest side .
an observatory up on the hill was the perfect spot to see all around .
you could look out on the hills to one side .
you could also get a beautiful view of the beach .
and you could just bask in the splendor of the building .
after looking at all the other places , though , the forest always seemed like the best view .
there was a school reunion at the old high school .
[male] and [male] former best friends decided to go on vacation together in order to catch up .
the drove for hours ,
to arrive at a beautiful beach to go surfing .
they played all day riding the waves and were able to talk well into the evening catching up on old times .
we took a trip to location location last weekend .
we saw the famous location smog .
people are very active here .
we had to visit one of the famous beaches .
location is so beautiful . we want to go back !
we went on a tour of location .
the smog is what we noticed first , it was nearly choking us .
we went and saw the iconic sights .
we ended the day at the beach .
we played and talked till the sun went down .
i said goodbye to my college campus for a spring break beach trip .
my roommate was coming with me .
we finally arrived , with some buddies in the taxi behind us .
ahhh ! the beach was so nice !
we stayed out for the sunset before heading back to the hotel .
the trees were standing near the building
that overlooked the city .
people were biking all around
and there was a beech too
where one person went to see .
night out on the town with my wife and brother !
found a theme park lets go see if we can play anything !
this is my favorite game at places like this .
gon na go on the carousel , glad no kids are hogging it !
the skyline of our city such an awesome night !
the three amigos eating dinner before we head over to location location .
love this view at night . ca n't wait to play games and ride the coaster .
of course the guys headed straight for skee-ball . neither of them are very good ... haha .
i rode the carosaul..it 's my favorite .
the view on the way home ... it never gets old .
some friends and i met for dinner one night when on vacation .
we were staying in a seaside town that catered to tourists .
we went outside and had a look around the carnival area .
a merry-go-round was in the center of the carnival , and we decided to ride it .
afterward , we took a picture of the bright lights of the town and the nearby steam ship .
we had a blast last night at the bar .
the scenery at night was so beautiful i had to take a pic .
my brother beat [male] in an arcade game .
the carousel was so beautiful .
i wish i could go out more . the night was so beautiful .
my husband and i started our evening at dinner with friends .
from the restaurant , we could see the lights of the amusement park where we would go next .
the guys enjoyed the arcade games , especially skeet ball .
the ladies , however , loved the merri-go-round .
later we took a night cruise on the bay in this ship docked near the amusement park .
went to visit the ocean and the water was so calm .
there were beautiful greenery and flowers everywhere .
there were more orange flowers to be seen .
along tne way i saw this beautiful bridge .
by the end of the day the waves began to pick up and crash into the rocks .
today we decided to take a trip to that cove .
we took a few pictures on the way , it was a neat place .
i 've never been here before , but my brother insists that it is a great place to see
the cove itself was small however , it did n't give much room .
we decided to leave and possibly try again , another day .
we crossed a bridge to arrive at our destination .
the water in the secluded area was a dark blue .
the sea foam looked so nice against the coast .
the waves were so powerful .
it looked to dangerous to swim though .
i took a long drive up the coast and took pictures of everything i saw , like the ocean .
further in , a raging stream met the ocean with a strong current .
the river formed a tidal estuary that had carved out a little valley from the rock .
nearby , a large bridge went over a rocky gorge .
the cliffs were daunting where they met the sea .
the weather trackers wanted to go out to the island to observe the oncoming storm . to do so , they had to drive out the coast along this bridge .
the team took a vantage point overlooking the cove in order to view the storm .
one member tracked the changes in sea level as the storm surge came in .
the waves became more and more powerful , crashing high into the rocks .
the cove became very turbulent as the storm approached .
meet [male] , he is a professional dancer .
this is [female] , [male] 's friend . [female] has a crush on [male] .
the live together on the seaside .
once in a while they go fishing together .
sometimes they just hang out on the beach .
a day at the beach . i like how the stairs go right into the water .
they just disappear under the water ... so weird .
it would be nice to live in one of these houses , except during hurricane season .
the birds were circling something in the water .
almost like having our own private beach today . i could handle that .
look at me enjoying my day at the beach . taking a picture of my girl .
check my girl out she is all smiles and relaxed .
we love being on vacation . we do not want to leave .
love our view of the beach . it is absolutely breath taking .
nothing but pure relaxation time on the beach . ca n't wait for tomorrow to get back out there .
[male] had waited for months , and at last he was on vacation at the beach .
his wife was very happy that she could go with him .
they stayed in a quaint cabin just feet away from the ocean .
they were able to take walks along the cement pier every day .
every evening they went to the empty beach to watch the sunset .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a woman .
this is a picture of a boardwalk .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of the shore .
i was hungry .
so i went to the beach .
there we lots of dunes .
i bought some tickets .
and i won this hot blonde !
i decided to play the lottery .
i got lucky and won not one but two tickets .
with the money , i bought a bunch of tasty treats .
we watched some expensive plays .
i spent the rest of the money hiring my own private fire fighter squad .
day trip to location location .
husband bought tickets to a broadway show .
we stopped for ice cream first .
radio city music hall , the show was terrific .
we stopped to get pictures with the firemen near ground zero .
i went to go buy some tickets for the show tonight .
they were very expensive .
we went to grab some food before the show .
there were a lot of people there .
i took some pictures with the local fire department while i was there .
the woman decided to have something sweet to eat .
afterwards , she wanted to go to the beach , but had trouble finding somewhere to park .
finally , she and a friend found a parking spot and made it to the beach .
they were having a good day , so they decided to try their luck on the lottery .
they took a few photos as well .
i told [male] he was crazy . no one had special powers .
he laughed and told me he 'd do something incredible .
i watched in horror as the sun went backwards in the sky .
it started sinking below the horizon .
right as it was about to disappear , [male] stopped . i would never distrust [male] ever again .
the sun is setting over the ocean . [male] be dark soon .
a better picture of the sun . love the purple sky around it .
and almost gone .
just a selfie of myself before the sun totally goes away for the day .
awesome sky tonight . time for a beer .
the sunset is an interesting color .
the water goes on forever .
the sun is almost totally set .
in the morning its , always nice to chill outside for w while .
the sky is mixed with all kinds of colors .
hi guys this is an amazing vacation .
look at me smiling and enjoying my day .
take a look at this beautiful sunset . you just ca n't beat this look .
the sun going down is amazing . i can not believe this view .
look at the seagulls enjoying the sun going down with me .
[male] visited his friends who lived in a coastal community .
he had never seen the ocean in person before , so they took him on a trip to the beach .
he enjoyed the beach so much that he stayed until sunset .
he watched the sun drop out of view while listening to the ocean waves .
as the sun went below the horizon , he noticed the purple clouds contrasting with the blue waves .
here is my little man who is the love of my life and right here it looks like he just ca n't wait to to get his hands in the mud because he just loves to get muddy looking for little animals .
here is my other little one and i suppose she is just as excited even though she is a wonderful little girl .
here we are making our way to another part of the flat that is sure to hold some special finds in all that mud .
this picture shows both my little ones and little [male] looks like he is trying to either show his sister one of his finds or to help her with some instructions .
it has been a wonderful day and the tide has come back in so we will watch the boats for a while and then go home and come back again another day .
[female] time can be a lot of fun . running care free with shorts on .
there is no better way to spend the day then collecting shells on the shore .
[female] fun is great when you get to explore the sand .
playing in the sand can be fun but only when with my sister .
brother and sister fun enjoying and exploring the beach .
my baby sister and i were very excited to explore the coastal island .
it was low tide and she had fun playing in the mud , but there was more to see .
we walked in the tide pool to try and find seashells .
my baby sister was a little scared when i showed her a sea critter i found .
after exploring the island , we took a boat back home .
the kids ran down the muddy path ,
and then they jumped in the mud .
they loved walking through the mud even though it was dirty .
they even sat down and rolled around in it a few times ,
so they headed off the to lake where they could jump in and clean themselves off .
the trails at the park are always fun to walk .
sister liked splashing her feet in the water .
many of us enjoyed a walk near the water .
we had fun looking for shells and rocks .
the opportunities for a good view were endless .
today we went on a hike to the bench .
the view from the overlook was great !
[male] was so excited to play in the ocean for the first time .
although he got himself all wet and dirty .
by the end of the day he was exhausted and fell asleep on the way home .
it was a beautiful day to go to the beach .
dad took little [male] out to do some digging in the wet sand .
[male] did some of the digging with his head .
the water felt nice , but the sand was pretty gross .
after the excursion and digging , [male] slept all the way home .
the family walked down the trail
until they finally saw the water !
mom and son walked through the sand ,
well actually , son more like played in the sand ,
until he was too tired to go on so they had to go home .
we took the family out on a hike .
we got down to the beach through a trail .
[male] picked up shells and played .
he loved the water , but unfortunately it was time to go .
he passed out on the car ride home .
we went on vacation and came to the forest .
after the forest we headed to the beach .
we walked down to the water .
he had so much fun playing in the ocean .
at the end of the day he was so tired .
although [male] was their boss , he was still on of them .
[male] had become just one of the guys .
they called themselves the organization organization 's plus one .
they vacationed together .
[male] was a great boss but he was a better friend and they were glad he was one of them .
we spent some time in location last month .
the first thing we checked out was the beach .
of course , we had to do some shopping while we were there too .
one of the coolest sights we saw was this sports car .
location is beautiful . i ca n't wait to return !
[male] was tired of being at the office .
he got his friends to come with him to party .
everyone was having fun together .
[male] liked to be a clown .
[male] 's friend [male] was glad he decided to hang out today .
i went to the beach yesterday .
there were a lot of people there .
i also went to the mall .
i drove back to the beach when i was finished .
i sat there for the rest of the day .
it is finally the end of the work week and he is ready to take off for the weekend with friends .
that evening they go out one the water for a little fun .
afterwards they head back to the beach for some drinks .
the next day it 's off to the pier for a fun day of goofing off .
with the weekend over it 's time to head back to the hotel and get ready to go home .
a family went on a trip .
they climbed up the hill ,
to see some beautiful old trees .
they later went fishing .
but the weirdest part of the trip was the sculptor of a lady laying on the grass . they were so shocked that they did n't realize they did n't take pictures of themselves until after the day was done .
the pathway to the camp on the lake we had .
a barge floating on the lake on the way to camp .
our sign directing us to camp .
the view from the porch of the dam and lake .
a cool piece of artwork in town while purchasing food .
looking towards the lake from the cabin 's deck .
there is a floating dock at the lake .
here is the sign at the bottom of location location trail .
looking out towards one of the lakes in the area. ,
this sculpture was on the lawn of the institution. ,
this weekend we went hiking to location location .
the trail was long and steep .
we saw many large trees along the way .
the colors were amazing .
at the top we took a break at the lodge .
felt like a hike today . where better than to location location ?
the trails here are really pleasant .
when you get in deep , the trees get truly lush and massive .
the pond can really look great too . just have to find the right sunlight and right reflection .
just had to snap a photo of this odd sculpture on the drive back home !
she had studied art for years .
she was fond of bronze sculptures .
the thinker , was by far her favorite .
he inspired her to think of far away destinations .
she had a vivid imagination and envisioned many exotic places .
we visited the botanical garden today .
there were tons of different flowers on display .
we chose this one as the most beautiful flower .
and this was the most unusual thing we saw .
the grounds are so pretty , i am sure we will return soon .
i tended the garden today .
there were a lot of flowers that needed to be plants .
some of them were very beautiful .
i also planted some exotic ones .
it looked great at the end of the day .
this is a picture of a garden .
this is a picture of flowers .
this is a picture of a red and yellow flower .
this is a picture of plants .
this is a picture of a clearing .
the museum was perfect today .
there were new sculptures that made viewing interesting .
they had some replicas of the famous statues .
the landscape was verycolorful .
she enjoyed the design that the flowers made .
my sisters and i visited location location last week .
the beach was so busy !
it was beautiful though , and the weather was great .
everything was busy , especially the restaurants .
we had a good time , and want to return someday .
the family stuffed into the car on the way to the beach .
the girls posing for a shot before heading down to the beach .
a cool black and white of the stairs down to the beach .
the girls splashing around in the surf and having fun .
our chairs and umbrella in black and white . lonely , but cool shot .
the family takes a day trip to location location . it 's going to be a lot of fun .
we 're early but wow , there 's a lot of people on the beach already . that 's too crowded , we decided to take a walk down the beach to find somewhere a little less packed with people .
the stroll down the beach is lovely and we 've found somewhere much less busy to set up for the day . time to catch some rays and work on that tan !
it 's hungry work laying out in the sun all day . we decide to visit a local food vendor . it 's busy here too , look at the line !
finally , we get served and now we 're really hungry . everybody say cheese ! okay , let eat !
mom and all 5 daughters on a road trip to the beach .
we stopped at the over look to get the great picture opportunity .
the beach was pretty crowded since it was a warm summer day .
the girls had a great time frolicking in the water .
we made a little beach area to get away from the crowded beach so we could relwax and watch the waves .
is was time for our family beach trip .
we were all so excited , we could hardly wait to swim .
we all ran down the stairs to dig out feet in the sand .
we played in the waves till we had no more energy .
then sat and relaxed till the sun went down .
a house on the beach is a great place to get together .
a hot tub helps the family relax .
then they play some music .
some people play video games .
while in the kitchen , dinner is prepared .
i came up from the beach to relax in the shade away from the bugs .
but , a dragonfly landed on my chair .
all my friends laughed because i could not get away from bugs to relax .
even though i wanted to relax without bugs , i was fascinated by the shape of his wings and body .
after he flew away , i tried again to relax in the hot tub and told my story about trying to relax without bugs .
my friends and i rented a seaside house for a week .
the best part of the house was a hot tub out back that three of my friends were always in .
we had a picnic table on the front porch that we used as a kind of central feature .
other friends sat inside watching tv .
in the kitchen , we took turns being in charge of the various meals .
this weekend we took a family trip to the beach .
later we chilled in the hot tub and had some brews .
[male] and susi decided to bring out their instruments and play a tune for us .
even on vacation my brother decides to watch tv .
later the family cooked some delicious dinner .
my sister and i rented a cabin right on the beach last summer .
there was a hot tub right on the deck ! talk about relaxing .
we had time to pursue our hobbies , like playing the recorder .
and of course , the kids watched a lot of tv , even though we were right on the beach .
my sister and i did a lot of cooking and talking . it was a great vacation .
some buddies of mine decided to celebrate my birthday here by the lake .
we all decided that we would go swimming .
so we took off our clothes , and conquer this lake .
too bad this lake was very cold . i should have known , since there was no sun to even heat up this lake .
we laughed it up , and decided to just spend my birthday , dry .
after a long day of work , we went to the beach .
we brought my dog because she was bored at home .
my coworkers stripped in excitement .
then we played in the sea for a bit to cool off steam .
when we got dressed up again , we took a group picture .
after parking his car , a man walks to the beach to join his friends .
he catches up to them as they are walking alongside the water .
they finally find the perfect spot to go swimming and quickly strip down to their swimming trunks .
they have a blast goofing off in the water together .
they are cold when they get out , so they quickly put the rest of their clothes back on .
have you ever heard of the polar bear plunge ? let me tell you about it !
you might see some guys at the beach in the middle of winter , when it 's certainly not beach weather .
then , they start taking off their clothes and stripping to bathing suits !
you wo n't believe it when they actually run into the frigid water .
afterward , they pose for a picture . they are crazy guys , but they have a lot of fun .
the only sane one here . going to watch these fools jump in the lake . its only 32 degrees this morning .
looking for a great spot to make their entry .
crazy people . not sure what they think this will prove .
laughing so hard right now . glad its them and not me .
after shot . did i mention what fools they are ?
we went on a big boat trip today .
the weather was great and you could see miles away .
the views were amazing and the water was blue .
other people had the same idea and were taking a boat trip .
we stayed on the water to see the sundown , it looked like from a magazine !
the boys decided to take a camping trip .
to get to the camp site they had to take a boat .
[male] brought a nice hammock to sleep in on the trip .
on the last day of the trip the boys decided to go into town .
they were tired of eating camp food so they found a nice cafe to eat dinner at .
in the morning , we walked on the shore towards the sea
to enter into a green boat .
we rode on it and saw clear waters with small islands .
other boats were present as well but not overwhelming .
as the day ended , we watched the sun set .
chilling by the mountains , the rocks are humongous .
we are on the boat just taking in the scenery .
a hammock in the middle of the mountains is n't weird at all , perfectly normal , lol .
i love hanging out and spending time with my friends .
time to have a few brews and have a good time .
in college i took a trip to location with two of my best friends .
we spent a lot of time on the water enjoying the warm weather .
as usual , i spent as much time as possible lounging , and this hammock was so comfortable .
every restaurant in location was absolutely fantastic .
i would eat the food in any kind of conditions , but outside by the water is the best .
the van we took on the trip .
the area we swam in .
the boats we saw while fishing .
the boat we saw while sitting on the beach .
the area we went snorkling in .
today the gang and i decided to go on a groovy adventure !
we went to the coast and found some really neat places .
old man jenkins even took us out on his boat . jinkies it was neat !
he took us to a neat spot and we were really excited !
this spot was really neat , but gang we did n't solve any mysteries ! back in the van !
we are on vacation , and having a great time traveling around .
today we are haded to this island .
we will be traveling by boat .
this boat goes way faster than we expected , it was fun !
what a beautiful place this turned out to be .
i drove to the sea shore and took pictures of everything i saw , including this van inspired by the far side .
there was a small bay that was very calm and was set aside for swimming .
i saw some local fishing boats heading out to ply their craft .
the ocean formed clear pools near the edge , and i could look down to see the wildlife .
further in , the shoreline was filled with wonderful plants .
every summer , we load up the crazy [male] and head to the ocean .
our favorite place is an isolated cove called manning 's hideout .
we get the boats going , and do a lot of island hopping .
the views , with the many brilliant shades of blue , would take your breathe away .
the cove is a truly magical place . we know how lucky we are to be able to go there .
i went to the beach last week .
there were a lot of people there building sand castles .
i had a great time there .
there were a lot of buckets left behind .
after a few hours we left to head back home .
a family traveled to a beach to enjoy time together .
the father played with the kids to entertain them .
although at times it looked as if he was entertaining himself more .
running in the water reminded the father of when he was a child running on a beach .
although the mother did not get sandy or wet , she enjoyed the outing as well .
it was a beautiful day for a family vacation
dad played with the kids in the water
and built many castles made out of sand
they loved the water so much
and mom was so happy to be there
me and the family went to the beach for a day of fun .
here i am making a sand castle . i did have helpers but they left me .
see them , way over there . they think they can just run off and play while i clean the mess .
here 's the mess , great . it 's gon na get taken in the sea .
they were just kidding , they came back to help me .
another day at the beach .
sand castles would be made .
people would wade .
buckets would be left behind .
occasionally a kid would get lost .
on my vacation , i came across a giant pineapple .
i decided to go inside , and it was a store that sold only pineapple products !
after i exited the pineapple , i went to the farmers market .
i bought some food for lunch !
i decided to spend the rest of my afternoon at the beach .
visiting a pineapple shaped house .
visiting the farmers market right after .
about to eat lunch at that restaurant .
our fish and chips meal .
went swimming after lunch .
i went to grab some food last week .
they had a huge menu .
there were a lot of people getting lunch .
i was very full afterward .
when i finished i went to the beach .
i went to a fascinating organization organization last week inside of a giant pineapple .
it was not the least bit surprising that they were selling many pineapple and other tropical fruit products .
the farmers market also featured an excellent little restaurant .
i ordered a seafood dish because i really wanted some shrimp .
after we ordered our food we took it outside and ate on the beach .
when a new restaurant opened in town i was surprised that it was fashioned after a pineapple .
once i was inside i found out the reason behind it was that it was a location restaurant .
outside many people began approaching , all eager to try out the new food .
not only did it taste great , but it looked great to .
after all that food though i need to burn off some calories so i hit the beach .
[female] was working as a lifeguard for the summer , she was really taking it very seriously .
she noticed an adorable pair of children on the beach , they made her smile .
she then noticed that the little girl was missing .
she scanned the shore but could n't find her .
she called back up and they took the boat out and rescued her .
our week at the beach was fantastic .
the kids loved playing in the beach .
my wife loved laying out in the sun .
i finally caught up with my reading .
we 'll miss those days at the pool and beach !
it was a beautiful day at the beach
the kids were playing in the sand
the boys played alone
and the waves came crashing in
the boat was going up a wave
the things you see on the beach . here is the lifeguard doing his job .
here are two kids trying to build a sand castle .
this kid is sitting in soft sand , you wo n't get a sand castle with that sand kid .
see the kite off in the distance . i took this picture for my wall .
a speedboat drives by to make better waves .
it 's 4th of july at a location beach and the lifeguards are busy keeping watch .
there are a lot of children playing in the sand .
they like building sand castles and watching the waves take them down .
this red flag is warning of a rip tide in the water .
a boat keeps eye further out for possible sharks in the area .
we went and visited a luxury beach resort for our annual vacation .
we decided to go and see the beautiful beach .
amazingly there were some se life that were on the beach . we saw a turtle .
we also saw a ray that had come up on the shore . we were so happy .
we felt like the giants that our shadows looked like . great trip .
i love to travel .
this place is amazing .
so much to see
and do .
i must come back .
i went to the beach last weekend .
it was very cloudy there .
i found a bunch of seashells .
i took some of the with me .
i took a lot of pictures last weekend .
[male] and [male] were thrilled to have the private beach to themselves .
they wiled away the hours in silence , enjoying the serene views .
the plucked a few shells for their bowl at home .
[male] always loved the odd-colored/ textured shells .
they wrapped up their sojourn with shadow selfies .
i went down to the beach the other day .
it was so pretty and i had a nice time relaxing .
i found some really cool fossil type things down there .
this was a dead animal , but it was still cool to find .
the sun was at the perfect angle to take this awesome shadow photo .
after lunch i decided to go out for a ride .
i got on my bike .
it was a lot of fun .
i rented the jacket .
i gave it back afterward .
my friends and i went to the beach , but it was empty .
we went to the cafe instead to get some lunch .
we went back to the beach and rode our bikes .
we decided to stay until sunset .
once the sun set , we had a bonfire on the beach .
we picked a beautiful spot to do some motorcycle riding .
nothing better to start out our day than with a good breakfast .
we parked the bikes and set out on foot first to scout the area .
the ocean and the beach were a beautiful sight to see .
that night we made a campfire to keep warm .
we were hoping to go surfing today , but the ocean is not cooperating .
so we decided to go to a local cafe that we have been hearing about .
on our way back home , we decided to take a pit stop so that we could a picture of this view .
it seems that high tide is occuring , because the tide is almost to where we are standing .
my husband decided to build a small fire so that we could stay warm .
she made a quick burger for their lunch .
they ate in their small shop .
they sold motorbikes .
and scuba gear could be rented from them .
if they did n't have what you wanted , someone in the tiny village would .
i love to take walks along the beach and this morning a walk sounded like a great idea .
the beach was empty when i arrived .
the waves sounded so peaceful as they rolled in .
the sand became rougher as i headed down the beach .
i walked about half an hour until i decided it was to head back home . it was a peaceful way to start my day .
[female] took a walk on the beach and decided to contemplate her life .
she tried to focus on other things like the beauty of the beach .
she felt so lonely , and she was .
the beach was also lonely and it seemed to be ok .
she decided to take more time for herself and to take time for herself .
my friend and i spent a quiet day down by the beach .
we sat in our lawn chairs and talked .
it was nice to just look out into the water and relax .
it was soothing to hear the tide come in and go out .
it was a restful day with my friend .
came to the beach to be alone with my thoughts .
picked a spot to sit and enjoy the waves .
no waves i 'll just enjoy the sand .
hm , found the waves and now i 'm enjoying myself .
look at the small rocks on the beach . i tried to get as low as i could .
i went to the beach last week and was surprised to see no other people .
i wandered the beach for others in quiet and isolation .
i did n't even see a single person swimming in the ocean .
it 's a shame because the waves were pretty good .
people may have been steering clear of this beach because the sand is quite rocky .
time to get out on the water and have some fun .
alright he got up and is cruising out there on the water .
the wind has picked up and he 's really sailing now .
he winged around the pole and is full on going .
alright now it 's even more interesting as others have joined in on the fun .
[male] was new to para sailing .
at first he looked like he had the hang of it .
but then he toppled over again and again .
there he goes . he almost has it .
and [male] got it . he 's a pro !
it was kind of a cold day at the beach , but we were ready to go windsurfing !
i was already out in the water , and [male] took some time getting his gear ready , but he eventually made it into the water .
he was n't really used to windsurfing , but he eventually go t the hang of it , and he made it out pretty far .
on his way back , he commented that this was the most fun he 's had in quite a while .
he thought he was an expert by now , so we raced out to the boundary , and he lost big time !
this is a picture of the beach .
a man is surfing on the beach .
one person is in the water .
the sky is very clear .
two people are windsurfing on the beach .
the surfer carried his board to the water .
he got it going and held on tightly .
he had to be careful to avoid objects in the water .
he managed to avoid the objects and ride the board down the water .
he met up with a friend and they rode together .
went to an old carnival festival . we did have fun .
yah , we are headed to wonder wheel .
this was very high but i was n't scared .
wonder wheel i want off .
ok , next to location , should be more tame .
the girls made an obscene gesture for their picture .
there was a huge number of people at the fair today .
the village voice performed at the music festival .
the wonder thrills wheel was the most popular ride at the fair .
the fair is n't complete without a ride on the ferries wheel .
friends went to the music festival together .
there was a large crowd that was attending .
they all stood by the stage to watch the musicians perform .
after the concert , they waited in line to get on the ferris wheel .
they decided the line was too long , so they left .
spending the day at the music festival .
the infamous ride ! !
look at the size of that ferris wheel !
going up ! ! !
our last ride for the night
every year the village voice hosts a music festival in location location .
sometimes i go for the music , but often i just go for the amusement park rides .
the ferris wheel is always one of the best rides .
this particular organization organization was old , and rickety , so i was pretty scared .
we ended our day riding a few rides in location .
the group came together for groups at night
during the day , the group went swimming all together
at night , the group went out to their favorite restaurant
the ocean was beautiful and they enjoyed swimming in it immensely .
they enjoyed a gorgeous sunset at the end of their trip .
bowling night was looked forward to all week .
the girls had a league of their own .
the guys tried hard to beat them .
one of them would try to distract them by flirting .
every time he got a strike all the guys chanted , `` we 're number 1 . ''
i went to the beach for a party .
there were a lot of my friends there .
we also had a barbecue while we were there .
the view was amazing .
i loved the sunset .
this is a picture of a bowling alley .
a woman is about to bowl .
a man is about to bowl .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a man having fun .
me and my friends went to the bowling alley .
we mostly just clown around but its still fun .
[male] never takes it serious .
it will stay his turn sometimes forever because he clowns around .
we just let him get it out of his system .
we decided to take to boat out around the island for the day .
we went to our favorite cove for a little swim .
the local wildlife put on a show for us while we were there .
they got a little curious about our presences and swam up to meet us .
as the day came to end we watched the sunset near the old lighthouse .
the weather was beautiful for sailing .
even the seals lay on the sand because the weather was perfect .
we spotted a local feeding a seal . luckily there were not a lot of them there .
the breath taking view can only be taken from a high spot .
luckily , i took the beautiful view from atop of this light house .
going to be a great day by the water .
we are traveling to this shore .
check out the animals of the sea .
they are so friendly , they come right up to us .
we had such a great day , sad to see it end .
today was the perfect day to go sailing .
along the way i saw these amazing seals .
and i even had the chance to try feeding one .
after feeding the seals i docked the boat for a bit and went for a walk on the beach .
to finish off my day trip i caught a view of the sunset from the lighthouse .
a coworker invited my family on his sailboat .
we took a trip to an island famous for it 's seal population .
my husband made a new friend who was looking for a free meal .
the view was breathtaking and the weather perfect .
i love lighthouses so we could n't leave until i saw one .
[female] waited for years to go on the trip of her dreams .
on the way there she looked out the windows .
she saw lakes encased in snow ,
and snow capped mountains .
but the best part of the flight was seeing a real lava flow from the mountain in the safety of the aircraft .
they viewed mountains from above .
they also viewed the peaks from far away mixed in with clouds .
the water offered beautiful , shimmery scenery from above .
the land looked almost ominous from above .
when the sunset , they enjoyed their time in the sky the very best .
the view from the fighter jet was scary .
the jet was going super fast .
the pilot could see the ocean for hundreds of miles from his cockpit .
he could see small towns from his jet .
going up above the clouds the view eventually disappeared .
this is a picture of snowy mountains .
this is a picture of an airplane .
this is a picture of an ocean .
this is a picture of mountains .
this is a picture in the sky .
while ridding in the airplane she decided to look out the windows .
the window almost looked like it had a crack in it and she wondered what would happen if it cracked all the way .
she looked over at the clouds that made their own city .
she wondered why everything looked like tiny ants while in the sky .
she thought the sun hitting the lake made it look like a glowing snake .
we were so excited when we finally arrived at the resort .
the cottage we were assigned was so huge !
the living area had enormous windows with fantastic views .
the livingroom had a large fireplace with a gas fire which we lit up right away .
we could walk right down from the back deck to the dock and ended up spending a lot of our days just swimming there .
a couple and their parents went to a cottage to spend the holidays .
near the cottage there were destination , one which included a carousel .
the couple 's parents were young and active .
at the cottage , there was a small pine tree indoors .
the young woman enjoyed one of the gifts she received .
my friends and i decided to rent an a-frame house for my friend [female] 's birthday .
first , we went to visit the carousel in the town .
next , we walked over to the beach to take pictures and observe the water .
two of my friends decided to cuddle and pose for a picture next to the fireplace .
[female] got a board game for a present , and we all decided to play the game that night .
everyone chipped in and rented a house for the weekend for the family reunion .
the quirky town that the house was at had a fair going on that week .
[male] and [female] had n't seen each other since the last family reunion . it was hard to find time to meet up when you live on opposite coasts .
[male] and [female] were happy about setting up the family reunion every year .
gifts were exchanged like usual . this family really loved each there even separated by long physical distances .
wanting a return to the memory of her childhood , [female] convinced her fiance to travel with her to location .
they stayed in the same cabin she had visited with her family when she was just a child .
the view spawned many memories of the times they had spent at the resort .
she was very thankful that she could show him the place that had meant so much to her .
they had a great time while there , spending their days on the lake and nights in the cabin .
the beautiful flower we found on the beach .
the beautiful clouds in the sky from the beach .
the canal we took to go fishing .
the amazing rock with trees growing .
a dead fish on the shore .
today i was on the beach when suddenly something caught my eye .
the beach was empty at the time , but i looked beyond the beach
i saw a neat island . what was it doing there ?
i decided to swim there and climb to the top . there was this neat flower.. then i got sleepy .
where am i ? what happened ? this is definitely not the island i was just on .
my friend and i took a trip to see the beach near our homes .
we saw a wide-open beach with almost no people on it .
just offshore was a small island that somehow had not eroded away .
a nearby field was filled with grass and small flowers .
a fallen tree nearby was evidence of strong storms in the area .
the man was awed by the beauty of the beach .
the beach stretched for miles and miles .
the man wondered if he could explore the island that sat in the middle of the ocean .
instead , he decided to take a walk in the nearby fields and see the wildflowers .
in addition to the flowers , there were other interesting sights , such as a tree that toppled over from a storm .
nature adventure this morning with the new camera .
pretty shot . think i nailed the composition .
these ducks kept checking me out . to funny .
just wow . need i really say more . i could photograph this all day .
poor fish . at least its an interesting subject .
this is a very unusual place . it looks normal enough from the outside .
it 's a museum of makeup and before you think i 'm strange , i 'm a makeup artist .
i designed the makeup for these two . i 'm proud of the results .
being a tourist as well as an artist , i had to have a photo with these characters .
i 'm glad my girlfriend got into the act . we had a great time .
this is [male] . he is into creepy sci-fi things .
his house is a museum for weird sci-fi creatures .
he uses this to scare off kids on halloween .
he made this robot and taught it to talk .
this is a super size replica of the coffee drinking worms from men in black .
there 's a building that looks like a castle in our town that we 've always wanted to visit .
it turned out that it was filled with alien replicas . my brother loved that .
there were two statues that were so lifelike !
my brother got a kick out of the green , blobby ones .
i like the one that looked like a princess .
we visited the doctor who museum today !
there were props from the movie , like this head of boe .
there was also models of characters .
the exhibits were very real looking !
some of the characters we could n't recall though .
the outside looked like a far east castle .
inside were some amazing creations that looked like real life aliens .
there was a king and queen from another world .
i posed with their subjects .
then later we became acquainted with the princess .
the water was way up today . almost taking over .
another area that was flooded .
the part of the water that we finally could get the boat into to go sailing .
saw a few natives along the way ... good thing they are friendly ... haha .
look at the different colors of the ocean . almost looks like a painting .
we decided to take a boat tour of the coast .
first we passed a saltwater marsh .
there were many types of plants growing there .
lots of birds enjoyed the marsh as well !
it was a beautiful day .
i love going to the local lake and watching the boats fly by .
the marshes have secrets that are better left unexplored .
as we rode by in our boat i ca n't help but admire all the greenery .
we docked here and did a little fishing but nothing was biting .
we are now on our way back to the slip to park the boat for the night . what a great time i had on the water .
this is a picture of a clearing .
this is an empty outdoors scene .
this is a picture of a pond .
this is a picture of a lake .
this is a picture of an ocean .
the boaters were in a race to see who could catch the most in the allotted time .
one decided that this would be an ideal spot to catch the biggest ones .
they got distracted by the foliage that was around them .
the driver miss judged the depth of the water and they ended up getting stuck here .
the smart boaters decided to head over that way and have a few drinks and enjoy the quiet while the rest fought to win .
many have said that the trees in the forests around the location location are embodied by spirits with distinct personalities .
it does n't take long in the forest to guess why . trees , covered in moss , twist and turn creating protrusions that look almost like limbs .
in some of the older specimens , decaying wood and dirt spills out of hollow cavities giving the impression of a creature bleeding .
still other trees are poised with limbs outstretched as if begging for the heavens to provide an answer .
it is rare in this dense forest to see trees that look like nothing more than they are .
the american shrubby tree grows only a few places .
we hiked to the preserve near the ocean that they can be found .
they grow much closer to salt water than most trees .
they are noted for the holes in their trunks that seem to be vomited out red bark .
we stayed until sunset , marveling at nature .
the view from up here is breathtaking .
the trees look like they may come alive .
the trees are alive with a powerful energy .
the water is such a clear blue , you can see straight to the bottom .
everything is green and healthy to look at .
it was a beautiful day hiking in the mountains . we saw this tree sticking out a hilltop .
the view from the top was incredible and we could see the whole lake .
the day was getting darker as we descended and saw the waves pick up on the lake .
we saw this huge old tree with some of the trunk missing .
as the day ended , we watched the sun set over the lake from our camp .
this is a picture of a tree .
this is a picture of the ocean .
this is a picture on a cloudy day .
this is a picture of the woods .
this is a picture of the sunsetting .
during our vacation , my brother decided that he wasted to try parachuting .
her he is coming up on the beach .
as he got close po landing , as sudden wind gust knocked him a little off course .
everything worked out well though . he landed safely and said it was fun .
as we left the parachute behind , he asked me to try it , but i told him no way !
[male] wanted to do as many extreme sports as he could this weekend .
he had never been on a para-sail before .
being up in the air gave him a sense of adrenaline .
afterwards he rode a dirtbike around the track .
going on jumps gave [male] the type of satisfaction that he could only get by pushing his limits .
my sister was brave enough to try base jumping .
she picked out parachute , the pink one suited her .
she floated in the sky like a bird .
she landed safely on the beach .
as we left , she was screaming that she was ready to do it again !
this is a picture of a kite .
this is a picture of a parachute .
this is a picture of a man in the air .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of a nice day .
decided to go gliding today !
roamed around for a while , just checking out the sights .
look at me fly !
had a pretty calm landing . right next to the beach too .
off to pack up and get ready for the next jump .
we sailed our boast into the historic port .
the remains of an old fort could be scene on the hill .
we were able to go ashore and tour the fort .
afterwards we went shopping for local goods .
the night we returned to our boat for a good nights sleep .
the food in this village is so good . i 'll probably gain weight .
amazing how the houses are built right on the cliff . love this village .
an old fort . we did n't get to tour it today , but hopefully tomorrow .
another view of the fort . heard it 's haunted..ca n't wait to go inside .
the fishing boats glowing in the light of the sunset . so beautiful .
we went to the marina on a nice , clear day .
we stopped by some neat historic sites .
at another site , we saw some people sailing their boat .
after checking out the historic sites near the water , we wen to an awesome candy store .
and then at night , we went back to the pier to see all the boats and lights for a wonderful end to our day .
this is a picture of a clearing .
this is a picture of an ocean .
this shows an old castle .
this is a picture of a shop .
this is a picture of a harbor .
i went on a vacation and bought sum yummy delicacies to take home as a souvenir .
these houses were perched on the water and up the hill . i can just imagine what sort of view they wake up to every day !
i did not get around to going on a sailboat but i did take a picture of one .
the view from this hill was simply exquisite .
the view did not suffer at night . it was marvelous as well .
[female] was happy to go on her first vacation in two years .
she had a fantastic hotel .
and met up with family and friends there to have dinner .
she later enjoyed herself on the beach with family and relaxed .
later she went diving and saw the fish she always wanted .
after our trip to the beach we decided to go see the aquarium .
there was all kinds of sea life on display .
this eel popped his head out for a picture .
they even had jellyfish there .
this lion fish is poisonous !
here i am on my trip to a local beach and aquarium .
i love going to the aquarium and seeing all of the different animals . here is a sea crab .
there are all kinds of fish that live in the reefs . here is a spotted fish .
there are many different kinds of different jelly fish in the sea . this one i though was particularly cool .
here is the beautiful but deadly lion fish . i 've always love these guys .
this is a picture of a boat .
this is a picture of a hotel .
this is a picture of a family .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of water .
[female] poses here in front of her uncle 's boat .
we spent the afternoon on the beach with all the locals .
dad and [male] are waiting expectantly for their sea food dinner .
here is a view of the 5 star hotel we stayed at .
i took this picture at the aquarium on the waterfront .
it was very rainy while we were driving down to the beach .
the weather got much better when we arrived .
the ocean was beautiful .
some of my friends came with me to the beach .
i spent most of my time sleeping .
[female] was excited to be taking a roadtrip with her family .
as they headed down to a popular beach everyone hoped that the rain would let up .
luckily enough the sun came out and everyone got set up to have fun .
it got hotter as the day went on and everyone got into their swimming gear .
the water was cool and everyone was excited to have a good day .
the couple on their honeymoom incurred a storm going thru the mountains .
they met new friends and were exploring .
when they got there the weather was good .
the lady was deciding whether to go in the water .
the man figured he would take advantage of the weather and just relax
the group of friends took a road trip
to the beach !
they played in the water ,
while some of the girls stayed on land to tan .
but one of the guys had a genius idea ; he could both be on the water and tan if he just floated around on his little blow up bed ! it was a great plan and it was a great day .
we took a road trip to the beach .
when we got there is was so sunny and bright .
then we saw people were already in the water .
after that we put on out bathing suites .
we even managed to get some sun .
the lighthouse stood tall and majestic .
they wished they were allowed inside .
the rickety , old fence showed it age .
the winds had taken a toll .
still , you could n't hope to see a prettier sunset .
we went out to the bay today to enjoy the weather .
the old light house is really impressive up close !
we love the beach and it is always so pretty !
we had a really good time walking around today .
we even stayed to watch the sun set . it was a very beautiful day !
the location lighthouse looks majestic from a distance .
it 's no wonder this couple wanted a picture with it .
after seeing the lighthouse , they headed off to the beautiful white sandy beaches ,
which are the perfect place to set up a tent and relax for a while .
the water was calm and they loved their little spot on the sand .
we got to the light house and relaxed for a bit .
we got some pictures up close and then headed back out .
we walked along the beach and found a good place to sit .
we spent the afternoon enjoying the day .
we ended the evening looking out into the awesomely beautiful bay .
while on vacation we found a light house .
then we stopped to take a picture under the light house .
we walked out to the beach .
we were do happy to be on vacation .
after that we watched the ocean for the rest of the day .
the project would soon begin .
we were installing these yellow mailboxes .
the bad rain came in .
we took a break .
we ended up leaving because the mailboxes flooded .
the party was at the beach today .
we had put out a lot of chairs on the sand for everybody .
it started raining .
we had to put everything away .
we decided to all go home instead .
the husband was thinking of what to do on vacation
they could not lay on the beach it was cloudy
there was a storm coming .
the couple decided to go on a cruise
they went deep sea fishing and had a good time .
the old man was ready to go out to sea .
he walked through the sand ,
and saw the waves rolling in the distance , and he knew it was time .
he grabbed his friends
and he got on a boat so he could finally be on the water .
we relaxed near the beach for a bit to get ready for our boat trip .
took a while to get to the boat with all the things on the beach .
the sky was cloudy but we had faith it would be okay .
we got to the boat and took our seats .
we shoved off and into the water to see the coast .
they were headed on the road trip
they decided to take an exit
and rest up in this town
and decided to get some food
and finally arrived at their hotel
the friends are driving through traffic to visit their friend .
after a long drive , they finally see the right exit
as they are driving , their friend waits for them and stares out her window .
the friends finally arrive at her door .
they decide to go out and get fried chicken for dinner .
the light turned green and off we went to our vacation .
before we got to the hotel , we stopped at a rest area for a picnic lunch but realized we had forgotten to pack sandwiches .
once we were settled into our room , i looked from the balcony to see if i could find a store to buy some sandwiches .
the guys said , `` do n't worry , we have a solution . ''
they left and came back with some great popeye 's chicken and biscuits for our very late picnic lunch .
the toll was already planned for , thank goodness .
we were relieved to see that we were almost to our destination .
we had n't a clue that it would be so busy .
popeyes provided us with a decently priced meal that was rather tasty .
we felt so small standing outside of this .
we headed into town to get a hotel room .
we saw our exit and got off .
once at our hotel , we all relaxed for a few minutes .
then the boys got hungry and we went to find food .
we ended up stopping off for some chicken .
the rock message on the beach told them the way to go .
they walked through the woods , crossing a creek using a fallen log as a bridge .
sometimes he wondered if they were going the right way .
when they reached the waterfall , she gave him a kiss .
there in the sand they found other rocks giving them a message about love .
i decided to take my girlfriend on vacation .
we wanted to go somewhere unusual .
this was the perfect place
they had really cool statues .
she and i had an amazing time together !
[male] drank his coffee to get ready for the day .
he and his wife were going to explore the japanese gardens !
they saw interesting flowers
and they saw interesting statues ,
but the best part about the day was that they spent it together .
we 're out on vacation and out on the beach we found these rocks stacked .
out on a hike , we find a nature made bridge over a small stream .
it was such a beautiful day that i had to take a picture .
we ran into a gorgeous waterfall and had to have a picture .
back on the beach , i thought it was pretty cool me and my mate find two heart shape rocks on the beach .
on our trip , we found some stones stacked on the beach .
then we walked through the forest and found a giant log .
we stopped for pictures in the forest .
then we came to a big water fall .
after that we found two stones that looked like hearts .
she stood on her tiptoes to get a better look .
disappointed , she gave up .
she longed to see the barge and the tug boat .
grandmother encouraged her to not to be cross .
she picked her up so she could get a better view .
this is [female] , she is 4 yrs old .
this is her first time on a boat .
she loves looking out the window at other boats in the harbor .
on her boat trip she saw some fantastic things .
her grandma was the one that took her on the boat ride .
the little girl peered over the railing to see the water .
she was sad she was n't tall enough to see it .
she wanted to see the boats floating around .
her grandma tried to point out to her a hole in the railing that she might be able to see through , but no such luck .
so grandma decided to just pick her up so that she could finally see .
took my daughter out to see the ocean .
we walked along the pavement until we got to a good spot .
you could see ships and a great view of the water .
grandma helped point things out to her for a while .
eventually she tired out and we headed home .
the family went down by the water .
the little girl was excited to be outside .
they saw a large cargo boat out in the water .
then grandma saw something else far out in the water .
the little girl was afraid to get too close .
our trip to lake michigand photos
this is a photo of me sitting on the beach of the lake
we passed through location on the way !
check out the names of the street signs
our last evening we enjoyed a wonderful american dinner
we took a tour of the organization 's factory today .
one highlight was meeting [male] the tiger .
and we learned something about sugar pops .
i wanted to take these pop tarts home !
we had such fun time on this tour . i 'm glad we went .
we had a great time at the organization 's museum .
[male] the tiger spoke to the crowd of adults and children .
we saw an old fashioned cereal box .
there were giant sized pop tart boxes . i hugged one .
i really liked the cornflake as a superhero .
the sky was foggy and ominous , not exactly the vacation atmosphere they had been looking for .
the next day was a lot better . they loved the sand and ocean , and it was n't too hot for fun .
location was all right . there were lots of trees to see , but they wished they had spent more time at the beach .
the city was very busy , and they were n't sure which way to go , because there were so many street signs .
she smiled and said she could eat her pizza with a knife and fork if she wanted to . it was her vacation too !
the wall was decorated
and the kids came to see the animal .
then they saw a museum with a box
and giant poptarts
and even a stuffed cookie .
he tied to write love you mommy in the sand .
he was so young he still could n't read or write very well .
his mother was his best friend .
he wanted to be able to draw in the sand just like her .
sometimes she would let him use her camera .
i took [male] down to the seashore yesterday .
he wanted to play chicken with the waves .
drawing in the sand was fun !
he wanted to take some pictures for his scrapbook .
we enjoyed spending time together .
i took my family to the beach yesterday .
my kid had a great time .
we took a lot of pictures there .
we saw some strange shapes in the sand .
afterward we went for a walk .
my wife and i took our young son to the beach today .
he walked along the water 's edge .
then we showed him how to write in the sand with a stick .
he wanted to take a picture of his sand drawings .
finally , my wife decided to pick him u so we could go home .
[male] had a lot of fun at the beach .
he loved playing in the wet sand .
later , we walked along the shore exploring .
there where shells and other stuff for him to discover .
afterwards , we headed back down the forest path from which we came .
i took this photo of this bird while on vacation
this was the long bridge that took us out to the swimming hole .
what a great view of the sunset .
i loved taking photos of the tropical trees
this is my favorite photo from the trip . i wish it never ended
he went to watch the sunrise .
a bird that was perched on a post caught his attention .
maybe he could get a better look he thought to himself .
he crept up the boardwalk , trying to not make any noise .
unfortunately , the bird heard him and instantly flew away .
the bird searched for food .
the dock was empty . only a bird landed on it .
the sunset 's views were breath-taking .
the palm trees stood tall .
the glistening sun stood out from in between the clouds .
a little bird stopped to watch us as we ate our picnic .
this is the pier on the lower peninsula .
looking out towards the setting sun from the end of the pier .
the clouds looked pretty threatening just before the storm .
here the sun breaks through after the refreshing thunderstorm .
the sky was very pretty
as the bird was up high
and looked down
at the bridge below
to see the other birds .
when i got to the beach it was a low tide .
the waves were far away .
there was no one else there .
after the beach i went to watch the soccer game .
it was very close .
before the soccer game , i walked along the outskirts of the town .
the scenery was beautiful .
there was plenty to see at the game .
i was rooting for my favorite team to win .
this was a great game .
it was a cloudy day at the sea
any clouds hovered above
the waves crashed onto the shore
it was time for a soccer match
the rain was surely to fall during the game
the family hung out at the beach early in the day .
they had a nice time .
after leaving the beach it was time to go to the game .
they were happy to be watching their favorite team play .
everyone had a busy day .
on our vacation , we went to the beach for a romantic walk .
the weather was nice and it was very enjoyable .
we went to watch a soccer match afterwards .
the match was intense and the fans on the seats were really loud .
we watched and enjoyed the whole game .
our resort was nice and relaxing .
we had the chance to lay out by the pool all day .
one night during our stay , we saw a live show .
the sunsets were amazing .
we will miss this beautiful land .
the family vacation oasis .
playing with her mother and grandmother .
spending the day at the beach , and going to dinner .
the family sat around a table and having a hawaiian authentic meal .
watching a luau dance performance .
we were so happy to be on our family vacation ...
even grandma was in our sun dress and ready to have a good time .
we walked the beach at nights ...
we drank during the late nights..
and , we danced the week away . what a vacation .
our island resort was all inclusive and it was so convenient .
we spent most days by the luxurious pool .
the hotel provided us with entertainment every evening .
there was a private beach for everyone at the resort .
my friends and i definitely recommend an all inclusive resort hotel . especially this one .
a view of the little hut we rented .
the pool was wonderful and so warm !
the dancers were so exotic , i had to scold [male] for drooling !
i captured that first sunset between two coconut trees .
we all posed for this after the show .
the area had many opportunities for artistic photos .
the symmetry in the structures was beautiful .
the way the sun shone on every day objects made many unique pictures .
even the living parts of the town had beautiful composition .
when looking at things from a different angle , you can find beautiful images .
my imagination always wanders . what was this board once a part of ?
what is this gate keeping out ? or in ?
who was this mysterious person ?
why was this park empty ?
and last but not least , where are all these people ?
we came across so many interesting things on our morning walk .
the ocean is always calm in the first light of the morning .
it 's a bit chilly out near the water , but a beautiful day .
we also walked through a nearby part . the leaves are gone so we have a clear view of the blue sky .
our photo collection shows how much we enjoy documenting everything !
the building was in terrible shape ...
it had started to show its age , rust everywhere .
old carts that had been used decades ago still stood loaded .
and , inventory that had been on the shelves was still there .
as we walked out , we were glad to experience the history .
while being outside , i ended up finding a snake .
walking alongside the fence by the ocean .
riding on a boat was a wonderful experience .
taking a nice walk in the park .
looking back at memories that had occurred in the past .
we went on a trip around the city at night to try out my new camera .
i was able to take a lot of good night pictures at the docks and river .
you can see the city further off in the distance .
as it got darker , the outline of the city became clearer .
until the sun came up and illuminated the whole scenery .
the sun was beginning to set , so i decided to go to the lake to watch it .
i arrived at the lake , and i found a dock to sit on .
the sun began to set fast and i was enjoying the calm atmosphere .
the city lights turned on and glistened over the water .
i even caught a shooting star .
the city at dusk had a quiet , soft look .
the piers reelected in the water were a pretty sight .
as it grew later , it was hard to make out what was on the other side .
the city is starting to light up in the background .
at last night has fallen and the city makes a reflection in the water that looks like flame .
it was a nice evening in the city .
the trees were dark and gloomy as the sun went down .
it became very calm in the city .
the lights came on and the city looked amazing .
from my house , the city looked like the most amazing place ever .
the night sky was beautiful behind the city .
they decided to eat and then go for a walk on the piers near the city .
the lights from the houses showed up as it got darker .
the view of the city by the water was wonderful .
they just sat holding hands checking out the night lights .
when i got to the beach there was no one else there .
the ocean was beautiful .
the weather was great .
the waves looked amazing .
there were a lot of cliffs on this end of the beach .
it was a beautiful day , clear as a dream .
locals had started a rumor that it a tsunami would hit .
no one believed it but without warning the sky started to darken .
the once blue sky became grey .
everything was shrouded in a haze and they could hear thunder not far away .
this is an area down in location that people like to visit .
there are a lot of tide pools to explore in low tide .
it can get cloudy at times but still the weather is warm .
this is the point sticking out into the water near the tide pools .
looking across there are rich green mountains where wild sheep graze .
last month i visited the moroccan sea .
the water was crystal blue .
on my second day there , it was really cloudy .
but the next day it cleared up .
i went for a lot of hikes along the cliffs .
the air was full of musk but the ocean was vast .
the waters were more blue than ever before .
the clouds came and gone , could n't decide whether it wanted to be a sunny day or not .
some areas looked like the edge of the world , a empty space of darkness .
others looked like location with its yellow rock surface .
we are headed to the short , it is our first vacation in 6 years .
riding along the coastline is so calming . i love the way the water looks .
we got a great rate on this condo for the week
the pictures we had seen previously do not do it justice .
day two we finally get to go relax on the beach , there is no one in sight . this is going to be a great day .
sitting at the house bored doing nothing .
might as well go outside and enjoy what the world has to offer .
the lonely road is nice and empty and ready to be driving on .
he views of the mountains are stunning when you truly look at them .
but nothing is more breath taking as he ocean . so calm and cool at the same time . what a great spot .
driving along this road its great to see mountains .
the coast line is simply breathtaking .
at home the house is naturally lit with sunlight .
the floot tiles are black and nicely put in .
the sunset on the beach is one of the most peacful scenes i know .
the road to our vacation stop . we are headed to the beach .
we finally made it to the beach and it is absolutely amazing . check out the water .
here is a picture of our condo by the water . absolutely amazing !
i do n't think i have ever stayed in a hotel room that looks so quaint .
the clouds the sand and the view is incredible here . loving my vacation .
the family was on their way to their vacation on the coast .
along the drive they could see the waves crashing against the rocks out side the car window .
they got to the condo they were staying at in time .
they decided to have their first dinner here at the table by the couch .
after dinner they went outside and walked along the beach .
some pics i took while driving around town .
this store is awesome ! items from the 50s , 60s , and 70s .
thought this building was neat . look how big it is .
another big building . this one is apartments .
just a quick stop for a bite to eat and i found this little shop . is n't that the neatest ? !
we were excited about our car trip south .
we could n't wait to get to location !
we had lots of choices for places to stay .
the high rise hotel looked great .
we decided to stay in an older hotel near the historic district .
there is nothing like a good old road trip to . i ca n't wait to see if there are any great antiques here .
if you did n't know , i am a lover of gently used things . this is one of my favorite vintage stores .
time to stop for a light lunch and i think this will hit the spot .
the sun is setting and it 's time to head home .
just one more stop for a small bite to eat at one of my favorite places .
we saw some great old location things while on vacation .
everything was so art deco , there was even a period museum .
the buildings were lovely .
our hotel was newer , but built to match the art deco around us .
there was a plastic food display in the lobby showing buffet options .
i went on vacation to location .
there were a lot of stores that carried old merchandise . i thought this one was particularly interesting .
here is the apartment that we stayed in .
this building reminded me a lot of the 60s .
i bought some fruit from this store and it was fresh and delicious .
we spent a lot of time at the beach yesterday .
all of the kids had a great time playing in the sand and water .
i brought my surfboard with me but i could n't catch any waves .
we also brought a skillet with us to cook up a meal .
it was very tasty .
he took the buckets to dig for clams .
they strolled down the beach hand in hand .
she looked out through the screened in porch .
when he returned , he had found enough clams for the entire group to dine on that evening .
after they ate , she decided to finish reading her organization organization book she had brought along on the trip .
we had a lovely day at the beach , and grandpa was carrying some red buckets for building sand castles .
we really needed some water to make the sand stick , so the girls went to the shore and carries many buckets back .
the water was really nice , and there were some people surfing in the choppy water .
we starting cooking some awesome fish that we caught from the ocean , and we cooked out on the beach .
we also found some really fresh oysters , which really topped off our wonderful meal !
a man is holding two buckets .
this is a picture of two people on the beach .
this is a picture of a house .
this is a picture of sand .
this is a picture of a book .
we had a family day at the beach .
the kids had fun making suncastles .
[male] even went out to surft .
we caught some fish for dinner .
we found some mussels as well . they were yummy !
today we took a trip to explore our local beach .
one fun thing we did was birdwatching .
we saw lots of birds !
we even got to watch a guy surfing . he was pretty good !
afterwards , we spent some time browsing in the nearby stores .
it was a nice day so we decided to go for a walk on the beach .
we stopped by the pier to get a better view of the ocean .
we watched a few surfers trying to catch some waves .
we even found some great information signs to help us identify all of the local birds .
after a while we started to get hungry so we head back to find somewhere to eat .
our family was lucky enough to visit location location this year . i loved walking on the long piers .
they had great informational signs to explain all the wildlife we saw .
the seagull thought he was king of the beach .
some brave souls were surfing , but i thought the water was too cold .
my favorite part was all the quaint shops in town .
i took a trip to visit the sea side this weekend , and walked along a pier .
nearby , i read a board telling me about the local wildlife .
i saw a bird perched on a old man-made object .
a man was surfing in the waves .
i walked down the main street of the nearby town to see what i could see .
the peer stretched out into the ocean .
the infographics on the peer showed the different types of birds you might see .
this bird was very common to the area .
surfers were used to seeing the birds .
tourists on the peer liked the birds until they tried to steal funnel cake from them .
the rain started early in the day .
by the mid morning i was stuck and could n't get home .
the floods had made the underpass unusable .
i finally found an alternate route .
the destruction was more than i had anticipated .
the recent flood really tore through my town .
the water was so deep the kids were literally swimming down the street .
the water rose so high it almost took out the old railroad bridge .
it even washed away half of the local campground .
through all the damage , i did manage to find beauty in this photo i snapped at the campground lake .
a really bad storm is forming .
it has finally started raining heavily .
look high high the water is rising under this bridge .
the town is beginning to flood .
check out how much garbage has washed to the shore from the storm .
be careful everyone . the waters are really starting to get high .
i do n't think i 've ever scene the banks go up this far .
do not pass !
more rain coming down . stay safe everyone .
what a mess this morning . luckily the water are receding .
people began evacuating the town at the news of the approaching storm..
the river began to rise as the oncoming rains poured down on the town .
boats could no longer go underneath , as the water came closer to the bottom .
the river spilled over the banks into the road , making it unsafe for driving .
after days of rain , the storm finally passed , leaving the town to wait on the waters to recede .
the reception was held in a beautiful banquet hall .
the entrance was hidden from view .
the old home was the perfect place for the wedding .
the back overlooked the bay .
we enjoyed beers as we watched the boats come in .
just got done setting up this table for an event at the collage .
these old collage buildings are creepy !
but the courtyards are beautiful !
went to the pier afterwards to feed some birds .
had some brews close to the pier , a very productive day !
before my friends got married , i took the time to walk through the reception hall .
their reception was taking place in an old venue at their college .
nearby was a nice park with benches .
i walked to the waterfront and looked out at all the boats .
i stopped at a seaside pub to buy a couple of beers before moving on .
banquet room in this old building was quite charming
i enjoyed seeing these old brick building
so much history going on here , these buildings are quite old
lots of sailboats in the marina , i wish i owned one too
golden light beer and dark amber , take your pick
this was the restaurant that we ate at on our trip .
this was the outside view of the building .
it was an old building that has been around for many years .
we ended up by the sea just to view the scenery .
we also had ourselves a couple glasses of beer !
after a 3 hours flight , we take the boat to get to our hotel in location location .
this is the magical view from our hotel room .
i could n't believe how beautiful st [male] was .
everyday , cruise ships made their way to the location with thousands of tourists .
this was my favorite street where i can go to traditional restaurant , then go clubbing in the same building .
we took a cruise this summer .
it was a big boat .
it was beautiful inside the boat .
we stopped at this small island nation .
we went shopping on the streets downtown .
here we are posing for our perfect picture on our vacation .
picture after our ferry ride we had a wonderful tour .
cant wait to get back to the other side . however , everything is beautiful here .
take a look at our amazing view . look at the mountains .
here is the small town . cant believe only one care can fit down the street at a town . definitely not in location anymore .
the couple signed up for a cruise .
the sailed on the blue waters past islands
they circled the island where they got a closer look .
the harbor was the most beautiful they had ever seen .
they were able to tour the colonial era village on the island .
my fiance and i went on a boat cruise .
the views of the water were so beautiful from the boat .
here is another picture of the view .
we were sad to debark the boat .
on the way back to the hotel i snapped some pictures . then we took some well deserved rest .
our wonderful view of the city from our ship cabin as we were leaving port
i loved looking out over the water at the beautiful views
[male] doing his first shot of saki
just the two of us in this photo
this is me being silly with fake eyeballs
she was a shopaholic .
she went to flea markets and thrift stores every weekend .
she went so often some of the people knew her name .
she bought some of the silliest things .
he did n't mind because she was his girl and he loved her .
she fixed the umbrella to maximize shade .
the town was full of locals selling clothing .
the colors were bright and there were numerous clothing to purchase .
she wore her extra large eyes today .
he decided to join in , and wear his funny eye .
[female] loved going to flea markets .
she never knew what kind of things she might find .
the idea of rummaging through items gave her a sense of satisfaction when she discovered something unique and different .
but [female] was busy having fun with some fake eyes .
and [male] prided himself in being the `` one-eyed '' tourist .
the lovely little town where we stayed for one week .
one day we took a ferry to the nearby island .
[male] tried some of the tequila while waiting for us to finish our appetizers .
[female] and [male] really enjoyed the trip to the island. ,
[female] plays with the goo goo eyes we found on the picnic table .
this is [male] , he is taking his family on a cruise .
he loves the style of bunk beds in the room .
the family is enjoying relaxing on the back of the boat as they leave port .
[male] is loving looking out one of the windows while they leave port .
his view is spectacular .
down highway 9 in location , there 's a really cool ferry .
[male] and [female] took the ferry , enjoying the foamy sea .
at the destination was a wonderful beach !
exploring , the two found an old lighthouse still in working order .
love came to them , there in front of that old lighthouse .
met up with my brother to go sailing today .
the inside of his cabin looks the same as it did 10 years ago .
he invited a few other family members too . i dont them very well .
looking over the side of the boat is pretty surreal .
the view of the land makes me forget all my problems .
[male] loved living on a boat ,
but maybe he could do without the ugly yellow decor .
he headed out to the first deck to meet his wife ,
but he got distracted along the way by the marvelous view .
man , it was great to be able to look out the window and see open water in all its glory .
we went on a boat trip .
our room had bunk beds in it .
we set sail and went so far out into the water .
then we just watched as the boat went further out .
after that we got an amazing view of land .
it was almost that time again
to light some fireworks into the night sky
the people were ready to see them
and the fireworks went off and everyone enjoyed them
this was the grand finally and everyone had a great time
the local lake announced a fireworks show for the 4th of july .
a lot of people gathered on the beachfront waiting for the display .
a man and woman sat on a blanket to watch the show .
there were many unusual fireworks like this one .
at the end of the show they had a grand finale of many fireworks at once .
went to the beach tonight and it was packed .
everybody showed up to watch the firework show .
me and my brother got the best seats we can find .
the fireworks started going off and it quite the sight .
the show went on for 20 minutes and was well worth it .
just before sunrise , we went to the beach .
as the sun came up , we noticed more and more people arriving .
it was fun to find good friends there , but we did n't know why so many people came to the beach so early .
what a surprise it was to be treated to an unusual morning show of fireworks .
the fireworks were loud and smokey , but especially beautiful in the early morning hours .
we went to the lake to watch the fireworks .
the sun was setting and it was getting close to being time .
everyone waited patiently for the fireworks to begin .
then they had so many different fireworks .
after that they had the grand finale .
nature is beautiful in the forrest
as well as the beach
and the water is always gorgeous
i love nature at all times
from top to the bottom
today we took a trip around the island .
we played in the sand and made designs .
we took a picture of it for our photo album !
we had a great time being together our in nature today .
we ended the day with a walk through the trail . i ca n't wait to come back .
we walked through a forest clearing to get to the beach .
we arrived out onto the shore and walked along .
we followed the rocks along to see the mountains .
we saw more forest and headed back in to get out of the sun .
we continued through the woods into the unknown .
out in nature i came across some tall trees .
at the beach i had some fun in the sand drawing before the tide came in .
exploring the beach i see a great view of ocean with mountains in the background .
behind me are these trees bordering the rocky beach .
heading back in the woods , the tree lined pathways amazed me .
we took a trip out in the woods .
after walking so far we came to the beach .
we could see other people far off in the distance .
then we got a great view of the forest .
it was time to walk back .
the crew decided to take a small trip to the coast to have some fun . this hotel is next to the bay .
this beach is a popular place for people to hang out .
[male] and [male] are regulars that hang out at the bay .
[female] and [male] have n't been here before .
as the sun set the four could n't be happier to be spending time by the water .
there is a little known island just south of location that is the crown jewel of romance .
my favorite place to stay is actually a very modern 5 star resort on a cliff overlooking the location location .
people flock to see the breath taking views and most all come in pairs .
you can find couples from all over the world by just looking to your left and right at any given time .
it is hard not to understand why so many come to enjoy the charms of this magical spot . i ca n't wait get back there someday .
we left the hotel and started walking .
we walked along the beach for a while during the evening .
we stopped and say to relax .
we stayed there for a while and watched the sunset .
a perfect view for a great day .
we went on vacation down by the lake .
the hotel we stayed out was amazing .
we sat and watched the sun set .
then we had a few pictures of us taken .
after that we stayed on the beach until it was dark .
moving to a new city made me worry it would seem crowded .
i was n't used to such big buildings .
but then i found this peaceful shoreline .
i made a new friend .
i found the sea provided plenty of serenity for my new life .
the day after the aliens came , people sought refuge at the beach .
it was abandoned for many years with old books laying everywhere .
there were hardly any people there with swings only a skeleton of what they used to be .
they went to the motel and gathered the survivors .
together they plan to defeat the space alien .
as we arrive on our adventure , we see the hotel
the hotel is very small with a few trees in front
as we arrive in our room , we take a look at our balcony
once we get settled in the room , we take a walk to see the palm trees
after sight seeing a little , we take a walk in the ocean .
this is the motel we 're staying at during our vacation .
there 's palm trees in front of the motel .
this is our balcony view .
the palm trees line out all the way to the beach .
the beach had a green , blue color .
this is a great area for a store or restaurant .
there 's so much work to be done here .
a little park could be built here for the kids to play in .
if the motel can be renovated the owner could make good money .
it vets so hot that you sometimes have to shield yourself from the sun .
a wrong turn on the interstate and we ended up an abandoned beachfront motel .
there was an old weathered phone book .
the swing set was missing its swings .
the motel itself had seen better days , with boarded up windows and long uncut grass and weeds .
my husband took the opportunity to photograph some of the ocean scenes !
[male] went on vacation to a local native american reservation .
there he learnt the history of the apache people .
he learnt of their suffering and the loss of their livelihood .
he also discovered that they were able to save some of the buffalo in order to continue the legacy of their heritage .
he was also able to see a traditional ceremony . that day for [male] was full of learning .
we were excited to attend the native american festival .
the costumed dancers were so colorful .
the beadwork on their head pieces was colorful and intricate .
the dancing was very exciting .
the dancers then invited the audience to join their circle .
the indian chief started the ceremony .
people from the village walked around in form with one another .
the head dresses they wore where special for the occasion .
the dancing and chanting started from there/
we all stood in a circle and chanted along .
a chieftain prepares for the festival .
women are dressed in colorful outfits .
this woman had her hair set up very nicely .
a young tribe member gets into rhythm .
lastly , tribe members are seen holding hands with the guests .
the guy was pointing where the indians were
and the indian could not believe it .
the skulls were old
but the bulls were still around
for the indians to have in the parade .
our tour walk of the beautiful beaches on vacation
i loved taking photography photos of the trees
here is another great photo of the sun setting beyond the trees
this is a very beautiful photo of the blue water and white sand beach
the last day ... this is me by yokohama bay .
we arrive in the ocean to get on our boat
as we ride on the boat , we see this bridge .
after seeing the bridge , our boatride takes us in the middle of the ocean .
as time goes by , we see a lot of office buildings .
at the end of our boat ride , we see a lot of palm trees .
they gathered around the water , wondering whether it was too cold to go for a swim .
they decided not to swim , but headed back to the resort , stomachs growling for a good meal .
after dinner , they took a walk , and were awed at the view through the trees . it was like a paradise .
they broke through the trees and found a quiet stretch of beach that looked like nobody had been there for a long time . the water was a beautiful blue .
the air was not as warm as they would have hoped for a beach vacation , but it was still fun as long as they bundled up in coats for their adventuring .
we visited the beach today .
there was a resort that accompanies the beach .
the view was fantastic .
the waters are blue and the skies are clear .
lastly , we took a moment to take a picture next to the beach .
we went to the islands for holiday
we got to see amazing sunsets
the palm trees were incredible
we got great seats on the beach
my mom wore her leather jacket
there was a lot of work to do in the shed .
all of the equipment inside was useless .
the beach was nearby .
i had to repaint the place .
there were some signs nearby .
this city was in need of defense .
the war is literally tearing the town apart .
many go by but not sure if they need to repasir something that will only be torn apart again soon .
two brothers hope to change this soon .
while another decides to change his fate and leave .
i visited location with my defense team last summer .
we were on a mission to help fix and rebuild the crumbling houses .
even the city center building is falling down .
two of the local people volunteered to help our team rebuild .
the used horses to help carry the materials .
i wondered if this was a warning of some kind .
the town was in shambles after the earthquake .
people were trying to go about their business afyerwards .
these young men helped to change my tire .
sometimes a donkey is more reliable than a car !
when i was in location i visited an old grave site with a makeshift metal cross .
as i got closer i noticed the extreme detail that was put into the cross .
across from the cross there was a wide open harbor with small ships .
walking down the road from the harbor i noticed a mural with a row of different flags .
next to the mural there was a sign , but since i could n't read spanish i was n't sure what it said .
there was a lot to do on our vacation .
the city was beautifully lit up at night .
the skyline at sunset was gorgeous .
we did make some time to leave the city , however .
it was well worth the trip to see the beach sunset .
we 're staying the weekend at the location location location casino .
the sun is setting soon .
farther away , the hotel lights make quite a scene .
driving further , the skyline contrasts beautifully against the hues of blue and orange .
escaping the city , we head to the beach to enjoy the sunset over the water .
we had a great time at the location location casino , but decided it was time to head out .
we had a beautiful view of the city as we left .
some time later , the city is so small in the distance .
after awhile on the road , we needed a break , so we stopped at the beach .
we sat and enjoyed a lovely sunset that evening .
i went to the hard rock cafe last weekend .
there was a beautiful sunset .
in the evening i slept at my hotel .
i waited for a long time .
eventually the sun finally finished setting .
at the location location location location .
city view from the balcony .
watching a beautiful sunset .
making foot prints in the sand .
sunrise at the beach .
i had a great time at the shore today .
there were a lot of animals .
we took plenty of pictures there .
the buildings were also amazing .
i had a great time there .
my boyfriend and i went to the beach .
it was very chilly outside .
we wanted to go down to explore the lighthouse .
we decided it was too far of a walk to get to the lighthouse so we took pictures from a distance .
we climbed further up the hill and enjoyed the view .
me and my husband went to a spot overlooking a local beach .
here we are , lovebirds .
the lighthouse was really cute up close .
it was also a really beautiful scene from further away .
i wonder how far that jet stream goes !
[female] and [male] could n't believe the views on their trip to location .
from the glens , where antelope and other grazers roamed free .
to the cliffs where waves crashed , harsh and cold .
even the hotel had amazing architectural sites .
they could n't wait to get home and show their pictures to friends and family .
landed on this island so we decided to enjoy the day here .
here we are , we found a light house .
here is the light house . it 's ok and withered but looks really cool .
here it is from a further distance .
top of the mountain !
it had been a long week at work so i wanted to get away from it all .
i decided to visit a lake that was about an hour away .
there were lots of interesting rocks there .
there was also quite a few beautiful flowers .
i grabbed my fishing pole and to my surprise caught three fish . this was just the break i needed .
after exploring the woods
i found so thing that i could niot explain
i also found peace in the place i was
i also foud peace in fishing
it was a builtful place
i do n't know what made this formation but it is cool .
these rocks formed in really strange ways .
this man was standing like this for over an hour .
i ran into this man fishing illegally .
the beautiful mother earth being beautiful once again .
i walked along the cliff .
glancing down i had a great view of the sea .
i came across stones that somehow got embedded in rocks .
the flowers looked as though their petals were blown out from the wind .
i made it down to the stream to fish for my dinner .
the man loved two things and one of them was geology .
he would study rocks all the time .
but , there was another thing he loved too .
he loved to fish .
he 'd go to his favorite location every weekend to do both .
there is an eco-resort where tourists can learn hands on about turtles .
the resort has an educational area with exhibits showing how turtles lay their eggs .
there is a schedule where visitors can see real loggerhead turtles hatch .
timely visitors are allowed to handle the hatchlings .
the real hatchling experience concludes when the turtles reach the ocean waves .
many baby turtles were on display at the museum .
we saw a lot of species of turtles
some statues of turtles looked beyond real .
there were even skeletons of baby turtles that did not make it to sea .
afterwards we walked out to the ocean to get a closer look at how the turtles traveled after hatching .
i had a great time at the beach .
i found a new turtle .
i bought him .
he was very small .
i released him back into the wild .
walking by the motel that we are staying at .
we end up going to a zoo and see a turtle .
here is the time of the birth certificate of the turtle .
look how small the turtle is i 'm about ready to hold .
after that , we go to the ocean and enjoy the view .
the kids arrived to camp .
they were able to find a turtle right away .
their counselor was able to teach them about it .
and then they were each given a stone turtle to keep
before going out to the ocean to sea the turtles swimming and nesting .
i heard about this awesome mini golf course/aquarium .
this was the waterfall hole .
they also had the super sweet octopus hole .
my favorite of all , the great shark hole .
but it was truly amazing to see everything while being underwater . what a fun trip !
the aquarium was absolutely amazing .
there were so many different specimens that they had there .
it took us a long time to walk across the entire thing .
some of the sea life did not move .
the jellyfish were very pretty .
the family decided to have a little fun and play some miniature gulf .
i love all the attention to detail they put into the different holes on the course .
this octopus is one of my favorite water features .
my daughter tries to ride this fish every time we come here
we ended the day with a visit to the aquarium nearby .
went to the aquarium , saw so many beautiful creatures .
dangerous sharks included , had fun watching the swim around .
the tube was one of the best , especially when they swam right over the tube , it was almost like being in water .
we got to see all sorts of different animals , not just fish . including this guy , or girl ... ok , this .
the jellyfish were beautiful , you could see them even with the the lights off them you could see them float and wave .
i went to an aquarium on the weened .
i was submerged in a tank . there were majestic sharks passing by . i was scared even though i knew i was protected .
people passed by on the walkway as i was diving in the tank .
this sea creature was a pretty purple , my favorite color .
i did n't get stung by these jellyfish thankfully but i did admire their beauty .
i invited everyone over for my son 's birthday .
he had a great time . we got him a cupcake .
my parents managed to make it to the party .
i also invited a bunch of my friends .
it was a lot of fun .
our first morning we decided to take a walk along the water .
it was still cool and windy that early in the day .
but after a little while , the sun came out .
so we were able to take in the sights .
and enjoy the beautiful place we came to visit .
check out the kiddies having their cupcakes for little zack 's birthday .
zack is amazed that he can not blow the candle out .
here is mom , pops and me before the wedding .
right before the wedding all the men gathered for photos .
what a ceremony , a quick wedding and we are off on the honey moon .
the morning brought a beautiful view of the harbor .
the northern air was so cold they needed to bundle up .
his favorite part of the trip was admiring the boats .
mom made friends with the local birds .
looking out over the water was satisfying .
i went on a vacation to the sea .
it was too cold to swim obviously but i was determined to get a picture at the beach .
my husband was happy to pose at the marina .
i thought this statue was funny .
the water was a clear blue . too bad it was the fall and i could not enjoy it more .
the archaeological site had many tunnels .
the place was surrounded by crumbling walls .
in the distance we could see the ocean .
we decided to take a break and go on a scenic walk .
the trail was surrounded by unique wild flowers .
about to enter the remains of what is left of a fort .
there are no more walls standing .
visiting an old fort by the seashore .
visiting a hidden cave and a secret passage .
man fishing on the rocks .
a group of friends and i decided to walk along the trails .
it was beautiful and i could n't help but take tons of pictures of the scenery .
we saw other people up ahead , so we decided to follow their lead to see what they were looking at .
while we were walking , we saw a huge hole that we almost fell into !
when we arrived at the destination , we were amazed at how clear the water was .
there had never been a dig in the particular site .
everyone was excited .
considering it was next to the cliff it could be dangerous .
the opening had to be braced .
security lines went all the way to the water .
the family was walking on a trail .
they found some pretty sites .
this spot was a favorite .
the kids had fun too .
the flowers were very pretty .
i went to the beach last weekend .
there were a lot of warning signs .
it was very sunny that day so i made sure to bring sunglasses .
we were fortunate to see some whales playing in the water .
they were a great sight to see .
our whale watching trip began in location location location .
it was a beautiful sunny day on the boat .
before we knew it , we spotted an orca .
a whole pod swam right next to our boat .
at the end of the day , we had some great stories to share .
one intrepid adventurer , sunglasses included both for dramatic effect and because it was sunny .
one bird infested sign notifying you of where we chose to adventure .
this adventure required a second adventurer ... again , sunglasses included for effect and sunniness .
we got to see orcas . so much bigger than expected .
it was surprising to see how well these two seemed to get along .
we went over the weekend to checkout the whales at the harbor .
we started off the day driving over an hour to the harbor .
once we got to the harbor we were greeted by a whale flipping in the water .
later in the day we saw multiple whales in close proximity .
at the end of the day we checked out the museum which had more information on the whales .
[female] and i went to the coast to go whale watching .
there were a lot of birds hanging out on the dock .
i 'm ready to hop on the boat and get watching .
a mother and daughter hopping around .
blowing air into the sky , making a bunch of noise .
this beach was beautiful at night .
it was a private hangout for the people who lived near it .
the kids liked to build sandcastles .
going out into the water was fun for the kids as well .
these two were happy that they got to spend time at the beach with their family .
i wanted to take a walk along the shore , even though it was getting dark . my mom said i could .
i brought along my dog for company and protection . her name is [female] .
it was getting dark , it was so nice , the water was calm and the little waves made a calming sound .
[female] and i climbed some dunes and watched the sun go down .
i 'm glad my mom let me take this walk . i 'm not afraid of the dark .
[female] enjoy her time at the beach digging in the sand .
hoping the dog will make a run for it . but he just sat still until someone chased him away .
[female] posing for her evening shot at the beach .
our nightly view of the ocean .
the perfect way to end the night with such a lovely view .
this is a picture of the ocean .
this is a picture of a kayak .
this is a picture of a little kid .
this is a picture of a girl near the water .
there are two kids in the water .
[female] enjoyed our beach vacation .
[male] had a blast at the beach as well . he took a rest from chasing seagulls .
we stayed at the beach until late .
we were sad to leave .
clouds started to roll in and it started to drizzle . finally it was time to go .
took a stroll on the backside of town.walked along the train tracks for a while .
come to a dead end road.at the other side was some small lake , more like a mud hole .
here 's the mud hole.wonder why they never cleaned it up and used it for fishing or something for the community .
lucky i got bast the train tracks in time as the train came by unexpectedly .
walked past the train track bridge and notice all the graffiti.never understood why people or kids would do such a think to someone else property .
warning sign . think i 'll just stay over here .
no access to the beach this way . might be a private area .
look ... it 's willy wonka 's ! !
not sure what this sign said at one time , but the sand on the beach has taken it over .
graffiti along the drive home . think i 'll keep on driving .
it is my hobby to explore countryside and visit different towns along the coast line .
recently i visited the town of dune acres .
there is a small river passing through this town .
there is no development on both sides of the river .
there is a small meter gauge railway line below the bridge in this town .
over the weekend the family went on a hiking trail by the railroad tracks .
although you could n't get to the beach from the trail it was still a very nice view .
we stumbled across this large pond in a clearing on the trail .
it was neat to see a train on the far side of the pond .
the trail ended where the train passed under a bridge .
the trail began at the abandoned railroad tracks .
they were not able to get to to the beach using this way .
they could see the water , but could n't get to it .
finally , they were able to reach the beach .
later , after the beach they stopped at a bridge that covered the abandoned tracks .
the happy couple is about to say i do .
the brides maids are emotional after hey say i do .
a couple shows they are extremely for the newlyweds .
the beautiful bride is nothing but smiles .
finally , the happy couple can eat these lovely treats after there big day .
[female] 's bachelorette party was out of control . the theme was western and we all had on cowboys . how we got up in the morning is beyond me .
the wedding the next day was held on a steam boat . the rocking and swaying did not help to settle my churning stomach .
the bride on the other hand looked absolutely stunning . her dress had just the right amount of lace to be unique and amazing .
as they said their vows , there was not a dry eye in the place.the setting had been set just right .
to end the evening on dessert was just the perfect icing to end the cake . the chocolate covered strawberries were cute as can be . the bride strawberry mimicked some of the same designs that we saw on the brides dress .
the bride and groom were high school sweethearts , and everyone predicted they would get married someday .
the bridesmaids became very emotional during the touching ceremony .
some of the bride 's relatives who were attending posed for a picture .
the beautiful bride posed for many pictures .
the bride and groom cakes were a hit with all the guests .
here is me and sis getting ready for her wedding . she has the giggles .
the ferry ride that we will take to get to the venue .
here is sis before the wedding . she is a sight for sore eyes .
the wedding , check out brother in law .
never in a million years have i seen strawberries dressed up better for the wedding than some of the guests .
delilah and [male] had a beautiful wedding .
the wedding was set in a picturesque garden with a covered area .
perhaps this is the next couple to get married !
the bride was simply beautiful in a simple white dress .
these desserts were adorable and i snapped a picture before i gobbled them up .
in the morning , we began our day in a sunny area .
my wife was very happy to be on vacation .
we ventured to several tropical spots .
after the beaches , we traveled to historic sites for more pictures .
my wife told me how much excitement she had !
a husband and wife go on vacation together on a beautiful day .
the wife takes a picture of her husband standing in front of very old steps .
they see many beautiful things during their vacation , including some purple flowers .
later , they discover a beautiful beach with crystal clear water .
before leaving to head home , the couple decides to take a relaxing swim together .
for their vacation , the young couple decided to visit location for the first time .
their tour guide showed them the beautiful cliff that overlooked the ocean .
the couple decided to take a picture on the beautiful spot .
then they decided to visit an ancient temple that once housed royalty .
the 2 had an exhausting day of sightseeing and decided to rest for the remaining part of the day .
the newlyweds started off their day touring ruins in location .
the mayan temple was a challenge to climb !
they toured gardens with beautiful flowers .
they ended the day at the beach .
it was nice cooling off in the water after seeing so much !
we were lucky enough to take a trip to location .
we got to see some old aztec temples on our trip
we got to see all kinds of pretty flowers and plants .
the view of the blue white and the white sand was amazing .
we ended the day with swimming in the ocean .
we arrive at our vacation destination .
we take a look at the pool when we arrive .
from the pool , we see the beach and ocean .
we decide to take a stroll in the sand .
as we arrive near the water , we decide to take a boat ride .
[male] and i on the fishing boat
photo of me in my dress clothes on vacation
the next day we took a short boat ride .
we met a nice couple from the same town we lived in
here 's a nice photo from our last day of vacation
the boardwalk looked so nice from our hotel room .
the pool was nice to wake up to .
the beach , however , was calling our name .
the sand felt so nice on mom 's and dad 's feet .
a couple guys offered to take us on their boat , and we took them up on it .
this a picture of two men on a boat .
this is a picture of a cloudy day .
this is a picture of a beach .
this is a picture of a couple .
this is a picture of a boardwalk .
we arrived back from sea with the boat .
people where all over the beach by now .
we docked and walked down onto shore .
a couple we knew was sitting by a shop so we said hello .
we looked back at the beach before heading home .
the food that was served on our train ride was delicious .
when we got to our destination , my brother was greeted by a lot of pigeons . he should n't have fed that one bird . now look what happened .
we made it to location location . this landmark is enriched with plenty of history
here at the location location location , it enshrines many famous politicians and scholars
the names of many famous scholars and politicians are hung here at the temple . students would go here and pray so that they could do well in their exams .
the day was started with a delicious meal .
the architecture was absolutely stunning
it felt surreal as we stepped inside the entrance .
it was a nice day to go to the beach
we found many shells that day .
my friend and i visited a city in location , and enjoyed dinner there .
then we went for a walk to see the sites , including this traditional temple .
we walked through the gates and headed through town .
at the shore , my friend had her picture taken by the water .
she found a shell that she loved and wanted to remember .
i love food othere than im use to eatting
i also love the big birds too
in location where i was there are so many different area of landmarks
people from all over come and join
there are also many different fun looking signs
the food is authentic chinese food .
the family had a great lunch and leaves to go tour the area .
they come upon a magnificent monument and marvel at its wonder .
the young girl walks along the beach looking for shells .
her favorite ones are photographed so she can always remember them .
this is a photo of me having a drink on my first day of vacation
the view of the lovely ocean below
another tourist took this photo of me by the water
i really did n't want my photo taken on this day
i met this handsome guy my last day of vacation ... . too bad
she loved life and knew the possibilities were endless .
while she kept it real , she could n't help being a bit of a dreamer .
being a dreamer is what made her and [male] such a good couple , considering he was a dreamer too .
they traveled all over the country in their beat up , old van .
they saw a lot of the world in the side view mirrors .
as soon as we got to the hotel , i could n't wait to get to the beach .
luckily , the beach was in walking distance .
my boyfriend was excited to be on vacation with me .
we saw really cool trucks on the way to dinner that he really enjoyed .
i was glad we had a taxi , the traffic was terrible .
felicia wanted to go traveling before she settled down to find a relationship .
she was from oregon and got all the way to montana .
she ended up finding [male] before she even was halfway through her trip .
they bought a van together and decided to travel together .
she ended up seeing a lot of the world and she did it with him .
`` look ! '' she exclaimed . i found a magic water bottle !
she led the group to the overlook where she claimed she had found the bottle .
she told them she had been enjoying the view , when suddenly it rolled right over to her .
she waited in the car as her friends searched for their own treasure , but was ready to leave . she knew there was only one magic bottle on this vacation .
she snuggled close to her friend , glad that she had made this trip with him .
she sat alone on the bus .
he pretended not to notice her as she listened to her music , oblivious to him .
he tried to concentrate on his book but he kept thinking of her .
after finding enough courage to talk to her , they spent the entire day together .
he picked a secluded area of the beach for them to get to know each other better .
last weekend [female] and [male] went to the beach .
they had to ride the bus for an hour .
but they finally got there !
[male] caught up on his paperback while [female] built a sand castle .
they had a great time together at the beach !
the wife chilling on the way to the beach .
she is jamming to the music and just ignoring everyone around her .
well , guess this is the perfect time for me to catch up on some reading .
we made it and we are having a blast on the beach .
the sight is breath taking and i absolutely am loving everything about the weather here .
on the way to the beach , she listens to music .
her favorite song comes on . she dances .
her boyfriend is embarrassed .
they take a picture on the beach .
they then watch people for a while .
[female] and [male] are taking the train to the beach .
`` all the other slim shady 's are just imitatin ' . now wo n't the real shady please stand up ? ''
[male] prefers to read magazines on the way over .
it 's fun to go to the beach .
the crowds are n't even too bad today .
[female] loved the ocean .
she would come out to the beach with her dad every weekend .
taking pictures at the beach was one of her favorite hobbies .
putting her feet in the ocean , she loved the smell of the salty sea air .
[female] planned on living in her coastal town for a long time .
we went to the beach yesterday .
it was cold but nice .
for a while the clouds started to roll in .
i played in the cold sand .
we were lucky enough to see a nice sunset .
two friends enjoy the ocean view .
they then go on the beach .
the sun sets . they take a picture .
they put their feet in the sand .
they get one more picture before leaving .
the family passed by the couple leaning over the gate at the end of the dock .
then enjoyed a cool morning playing on the beach .
he tried to get pictures of the day , but he does not take photos very well .
her feet stood out over the colors of the rocks at the edge of the water .
he finally got the picture right .
my boyfriend and i went to the beach on the weekend .
we set up the tripod to take this picture of us through the grass .
the sunset was really breathtaking .
i had to take off my sandals to enjoy the feeling of the sand on my toes .
it was time for the sun to set and time to go home .
once the beach ceremony was over the photographers took a few quick pictures on the beach .
the bride and groom were beaming with happiness .
you could tell the couple were truly in love with one another .
the sunset made for a perfect backdrop .
the couple walked away together off to celebrate at the reception with their families and friends .
[male] and [female] always wanted a beach wedding .
[male] thought it would be a great to have a picture taken on the stairs leading to the beach .
after they said their i dos , they decided to stroll on the beach for pictures .
just before strolling off into the sunset , one last kiss as the sun went down .
[male] and [female] are strolling of into the sunset to begin their new life .
here we are after the wedding posing for our photos .
me and my beautiful wife posing for more pictures .
had to sneak that kiss in while writing our names in the sand .
you just have to love being on the beach with the sun going down and your wife holding your hand .
could stand on the beach with my wife . the view is absolutely grand .
after the ceremony , they go to the beach for pictures .
then , they pose on the stairs .
they then go back to the beach .
they need to get a kissing pic for the album .
they then take the cliche in the sunset pic .
my husband and i had a beautiful wedding shoot on the beach .
the dock showed a beautiful contrast to my dress .
we started doodling in the sand and the photographer snapped this romantic picture .
as the sun was starting to set , we enjoyed the last moments of light .
here we are walking into the sunset , literally !
my girlfriend and i went on an awesome vacation .
we started off at this great penis sculpture/people having sex place .
as you can tell she was not amused .
but we saw some ruins and hiked and she was happy .
she was completely worn out after the trip on the plane ride home . we had a blast .
[male] met [female] during a summer back home .
[female] was out of his league , but their shared interests made them fall in love .
they would often take trips to the beach .
and take detours to find unique wildlife .
encountering old ruins was one of their favorite past times .
us , the great adventurers , taking a photo for posterity , or so we remembered who we were .
wood art , and not ready , not ready for this picture , demand a redo , but the wood guy was totally ready .
how can you argue with that beautiful beach , even with cloudy weather , beautiful .
we thought about asking what sunscreen he used , but he just stuck his tongue out at us , some beach goers just do n't get the camaraderie .
stone housing , a little low on space , but the upkeep is very low . both beautiful and breathtaking .
this is a picture of a couple .
this is a picture of a woman next to a statue .
this is a picture of the beautiful shoreline .
this is a picture of a reptile .
this is a picture of old ruins .
[male] and i had a beautiful honeymoon .
these souvenirs were kind of elaborate and sensual so i had to take a picture . i did not buy any .
we did some hiking and i was not too happy about that .
but we did get to see these beautiful ruins which made it worth it .
it was a long trip home and i felt really tired but i think it was worth it for the memories i gained .
i took my car out on a road trip last weekend .
it was a long drive .
we finally made it to the beach and w took a lot of pictures there .
we had to leave , however , because of the approaching storm .
it was getting very windy .
our trip out to location this year was really wonderful .
even the fast food joints have beautiful ocean views .
our time spent at the beach was so relaxing , i can just hear the waves crashing on shore .
my daughter , [male] , made sure to take lots of pictures .
of course , we ended up buying too many souvenirs , so see you later alligator .
the woman went on a trip .
as the car was driven on the highway , the sky grew dark .
the woman played on the beach for just a little while so that she did n't have to leave without doing something and took some photos .
the sky grew darker and the clouds thicker .
the wind blew the flag on the beach so ferociously , the woman knew it was time to go .
there was a restaurant with a shark 's head entrance that we 'd never been to .
we decided to try it out , and found a menu board for patio ordering .
it was close to the beach , so we ate there .
i took pictures of my sister as she took pictures of me after we ate .
next stop , the alligator head restaurant .
on the way to the store , someone spots a junker .
they then drive over the bridge .
a stranger takes his picture .
he then sees a storm coming .
the storm makes the flag blow in the wind
we got to the park early in the day .
we knew that we had a lot of ground to cover to get to the waterfall .
luckily we found some new friends along the way .
the first glimpse of the waterfall took our breath away .
we never wanted to leave this magical place .
the rear of the canyon has numerous waterfalls .
a rainbow finds its way into the canyon mist .
the river has several falls cascading from it .
the raw power of the waterfall is immense .
the river below the falls now dons the rainbow .
the family went on vacation to a large park .
there was a nicely laid out map that they followed to find the best spots to see the sights .
they ran across this small creature that they had never seen before .
a trail lead them to this view which was one of the most beautiful views they had ever seen .
at the end of the day they found a waterfall that had a rainbow that went across the water .
people visit a national park .
they check out the map to decide where to go .
they come across an animal they 've never seen before .
the waterfall took their breath away .
a rainbow made the day perfect .
we 've arrived at the wildlife sanctuary .
the map sorta looks like an alien .
the wildlife here is n't afraid of humans at all .
the waterfalls are majestic and beautiful .
our story ends on a hopeful note .
we are taking a vacation at the beach .
we found a place near near the dock to have lunch .
we had a stroll after eating .
the water was beautiful .
we decided to change our clothes and go swimming in the ocean .
a couple arrive at their vacation
they seem very happy together as they arrive
the lady is enjoying her lunch on the river
after lunch , she takes a bike ride .
after the bike ride , the couple enjoys their time together at the beach .
this was our first vacation together .
[female] had brunch with a few birds . it was so hilarious .
here we are standing in front of some beautiful scenery . we were so in love .
finding water this blue is hard .
it was a nice sunny day on the beach . the sand was so hot .
i was excited about spending my day off near the water .
i started with a drink , overlooking the ocean , as i waited for my boyfriend to join me .
when he got here , we went for a walk and had someone take our picture .
we talked about one day maybe buying a boat and having lots of fun on it .
right now though , we are content with just walking on the beach and loving every moment we spend together .
my boyfriend and i on a trip .
here we are again in front of the cuty
here i am in a restaurant .
we rode bikes also .
what a great day at the beach .
a couple is getting ready to go on a road trip .
they are enjoying each other during the car ride .
they are happy they have arrived safely
as they arrive , they have fun near the ocean .
the sightseeing in the ocean is amazing .
we are the silly couple everyone talks about .
we do silly yoga at the beach .
we dress silly mannequins in our dining room .
we have a silly surfer girl on the dashboard of our car .
last but not least we belong to the silly location club !
[female] and [male] were prepping to get in their car and hit the road .
and , they were off !
they had decided to stop for pictures everywhere they could !
especially the beach , they love the beach .
and , they caught a surfer on his board !
we decided to have fun today .
we traveled by car .
we sat on the car to take a picture .
we danced near the beach .
lastly , we saw waves on the waters .
we went on a cross country road trip last year .
we were on the road for a long time .
we seen so many places in our car .
we made sure to stop as often as we could to see the country .
it was an amazing trip and well worth the drive !
in the morning , we went to the water to get some good shots .
the stream wrapped around the entire plain .
there was a lovely pasture and gate entrance that we walked through .
we were so amazed by the beauty of the scene .
when we got back to the pier , we made a scrapbook .
took a ride and the views were gorgeous .
the vividness can not be captured by the camera entirely , but this is close .
the grounds were so green and lush .
and the terrain was so different than at home .
thought this rock cut out was interesting to watch the water through .
my parents sent me pictures from their drive up the coastline this weekend .
they saw a pier jutting out into the sea with a lighthouse on it .
nearby was a river that flowed into the ocean , and surrounding it was sharp cliffs and hills .
my dad took a picture of a gorge that ran right down into the water .
nearby , he found a hole in the cliff through which he could see the ocean beyond .
our boat tour of this far-away country started at this light house , which is still in service , lighting the way .
there are thousand of narrow lagoons that provide great views of the landscape .
this archway was built by conquerors who came here hundreds of years ago .
these ruins are said to be thousands of years old . they looked very mysterious .
this is the marina we stopped at . there we found a great seafood restaurant .
we stopped here to take a look at the scenery .
i wanted to walk to the edge this peer .
countryside was beautiful and still virgin .
this was the best photo from my trip .
such an amazing spot , i really enjoyed it
before we sailed off , we took a picture with the warning sign .
my cousins both joined me on the boat trip .
my nephew was also there and he brought his goggles .
i was in the water very quickly because i wanted to disobey the sign .
when we got back to the shore , we took some more photos .
my family and i decided to spend the day at the beach .
first we decided to take the boat out .
some of us we 're ready to jump in the water .
the water felt great .
some of my cousins were waiting on the rocks for us to come back .
my family went to the beach this weekend , including my town sons .
my wife and i posed for a picture next to the skyline .
my son posed with my wife on the boat .
i dove into the water and went for a swim even though it was really cold .
on the shore , we walked over the rocks and made our way down to the water .
a family poses excitedly . they are ready for their boating trip .
mom and grandpa pose with the two young boys .
the two men and woman are enjoying their boating tour .
they stop for awhile and take a nice relaxing swim .
finally they arrive at their land destination and it is beautiful .
us on out family vacation . we were checking out the beaches while waiting for our boatride .
a pic of us on the boat going for a sail . it was a beautiful day !
my boy and i giving each other a hug !
we got to go for a swim off the boat for a bit , the water was warm !
after the boatride we checked out the reefs and rocks . everyone had a great time !
it was quite a sight staring out at that ocean .
just watching this climb made me nervous .
this place had quite a lush landscape .
look , i 'm king of the mountain !
the water was so incredibly blue .
i chose to go to a mexican beach for vacation .
the day i went the skies were very clear and sunny .
a little closer to the beach now , the scene is very pretty .
i found a good lookout spot .
i was tempted to climb higher but the cliff was a very steep and treacherous .
my friend and i went rock climbing near the ocean this weekend .
i took pictures from safety as my friend climbed up the near-vertical wall .
from my perch , i could look out over the vista and see the water .
when my friend made it to the top of the cliff , he posed for a victory shot .
from up above , we could look down the coastline far away .
exploring a region i 've never been to before .
rock climbing what a thrill it is and i have such a clear view .
where the land and sea meet , how beautiful .
standing and enjoying the view and the smell of the sea .
standing atop and looking out , what a great trip this has been .
here 's the view from my rock climbing adventure .
my best friend and fellow climber told me to put down the camera .
this shot was on our way down . we wanted to climb closer to the water .
this guy called us crazy as we climbed again directly over the ocean .
it was totally worth it . we stayed up here for the rest of the day .
during my trip to location i went to this beautiful location location .
in the lake they had these natural rock formations that looked like animals .
the entrance to the buddha garden temple reminded me of a hobbit hole .
inside were tiny buddha statues along the pathway .
right before we left , we stopped to rest at the yin-yang pavilion .
entering the city seemed like stepping back in time
the water features were a beautiful backdrop for the modern buildings
the yin yang symbol has been a chinese staple for years .
the unique entry to the garden was our favorite .
the baby budah greeted us as we entered .
we started with a stroll around the lake , looking at the beautiful rock formations in jutting from the middle of the lake .
they were some compelling shapes
we then decided to head over to the temple , and we noticed a ying yang symbol right before the entrance .
as we approached the gate , we were amazed by how scenic it looked through the circular entrance .
there were statues of little children placed all around as guardians of the temple .
the park is quiet and beautiful at opening time .
the rocks reflect a gorgeous reflection on the water .
a small hole is made as a doorway to the picnic area .
buddha rests by the side of the water .
a yin yang represents all of humanity and is a reminder for all in the park .
monument park is a great place to visit for the day .
there are statues of all types , including this frightening creation rising from the water .
the huge circle acts as portal to the park , creating a feeling of it truly being separate from the rest of the city .
as you walk through the park , you notice the many intricate statues , including this leaving buddha .
this ying yang sign truly represents how the park coincides yet is separate from the surrounding area .
the beach was more beautiful than words can describe .
the architecture was amazing in these buildings
it felt surreal to be inside such a place .
we found the perfect spot in the sand when the sun came out .
this was a spectacular view that captured the essence of this place .
this was the first picture i took after landing at our vacation spot .
we stayed in an old town full of charm and friendly people .
we explored some of the older buildings .
i liked this one the best , especially the fountain .
but mostly , we just relaxed on the beach and enjoyed the view .
i took a vacation in location this year , and took pictures of everything i saw , starting at the airport .
i went up the hills and took pictures of an old town .
i found the courtyard of the old hotel i was staying at , which reminded me of something out of the godfather , part iii .
there was a fountain in another courtyard that was especially beautiful .
nearby was the ocean and a lovely beach that was nearly deserted .
the couple arrived at the beach that morning for their honeymoon .
beside the beach was an old abandoned building .
the inside of it showcased a huge pool .
back out on the beach it was a bright and sunny day .
a castle peaked out behind the trees .
you can see various things through the window .
there is a lot of a trees and a building on a partly cloudy day .
a big white building has people in front of it .
a white building has a waterfall in front of it .
a beach has beautiful blue water .
today was a great day as we walked to the top of cougar mountain .
look at the lovely foliage we saw
when we got to the top we were the able to see the beautiful ocean on the other side .
look at all the seabirds by the beach
we had such a lovely time that day !
the van sputtered then stopped .
oh no , what a place to run out of gas !
there was no cell phone service .
they realized one of them would have to walk .
he still had n't returned by midnight and she was terrified there all alone .
we were driving into what looked like a storybook . beautiful trees and mountains in the distance .
entering the wooded forest , we escape reality for awhile .
winding roads up these mountain hills keep us on our toes . we are keeping an eye out for the wildlife !
we 've almost made it to the campsite . organization organization is the perfect name !
here we are ! the sun is setting , we made it to our spot . it will be a great night and the start to a wonderful vacation !
we went to cougar mountain
the woods were amazing
there was even a beach
the seagulls were plentiful
it was a beautiful place
i love going hiking on my days off .
i can spend all day among the trees .
the trail i took today lead to the beach .
there were families playing in the low tide .
i stood on a ledge and appreciated the scenery .
we all took a trip together for summer break . going to be fun .
look at all the sail boats in the marina area . would be fun to sail around all day .
everything is so close together . does n't even look like you could walk anywhere .
an old church or fort . still looks in great shape for being hundreds of years old .
found this on the beach ... kind of creepy . think i 'll keep it though .
this village is amazing ! it looks like one giant house .
the only way in or out of here is by boat through this cove .
it is one with the side of the mountain..so peaceful .
look how blue this water is . it is so warm .
arial view of the village . simply beautiful ! !
the friends went on vacation in another country by the sea .
the view from the sea of all the buildings built near the mountain was beautiful
the friends loved the different architecture of the buildings .
after touring the city they went to the beach .
it was awesome to see how the beach was right next to the major city .
before sight seeing , they all take a picture .
the first thing they do is look at boats .
then , they look at the old houses .
they check out the old church tower .
they come across a weird stone .
the family were enjoying their vacation very much .
they stayed by a port where there were many fishing boats .
the buildings in the village were very old and by the water .
there was a very old church by in the village where they stayed .
we happened to find a very interesting artifact at the end of our trip .
went to the beach to goof around and cool off today .
by the beach is a beautiful trail with a few historical markers.the bridge area is the most beautiful and memorable .
this was a old home from a historical figure before they had become famous in his day in time .
[female] , [male] and i sitting on the walkway together .
one , two , three going to run and jump in the water.we all love having a great time here .
boy , do i love a day at the beach .
i am the guy you always see running to get in the water .
i eat up the beauty , the rocks , the sand , the greenery .
my buddies all love the beach , but not quite as much as i do .
when we have to leave , i 'm as sad as a 5 year old .
[male] was so excited that he finally got to vacation at the beach !
he and his friend , [male] , could not wait to go swimming , and [male] dashed toward the water .
after they went for a swim , they took a leisurely walk along the deserted beach .
along the way they met [female] , and all three posed for a picture .
in addition to the beach , there were many roads for walking .
we had a fun beach vacation . here is [male] looking sexy .
the grounds that we stayed at next to the beach were charming .
we stayed in little cabins like this .
we were kind of tired out so we decided to take a break .
then we got our energy back and decided to play a game of tag . you 're it !
this young man was showing off his muscles .
later they were enjoying the water along the shore .
the blue water was very calm that day .
we all had time to relax along the shore
at the end of the day we could walk along the trail on our way home .
there are lots of family activities at the beach .
the kids love building sand castles .
a lot of shells were collected .
our puppy loves the beach .
at the end of the day we all enjoyed a bike ride along the shore .
going out into the lake was fun for the family .
even the dog loved being out on the water .
the dog loved to test the water .
he also loved feeling the wind on his nose .
the dog loved being surrounded by his family on the water .
the good dog love to swim in the river .
this group prefers the hot tub and a cold drink .
he enjoys the sun and a sea breeze .
the boat gets refueled and the dog is nowhere to be found .
now we are back on the water for some fishing and fun .
this is a picture of an animal near the dock .
a group of friends are chilling in the hot tub .
a man is relaxing on a boat .
this is a picture of a white boat .
two people are steering the boat .
my buddies and my dog and i went on a seaside vacation .
we enjoyed beer and this hot tub .
we rented a boat and relaxed .
the boat was quite small but it did the trick .
i even got a chance to pilot the boat and it felt great .
the journey started at sunrise .
the travelers were going to see a large port .
there were barges and construction cranes hard at work .
not very far away was peaceful farmland
they were happy to find beautiful view at the end of the day .
we were driving so fast to get to vacation the trees just flew by
we drove all night and into the morning
this is a photo i took when we stopped to take a break
look how green the field is ... . lots of rain most likely
as we were passing over a bridge i snapped this photo
i am taking a train trip to location .
the sunset is pretty tonight .
i took this shot from the observation car .
everything is so flat , and there is n't much to see today .
finally we are passing by some water .
we headed out around sun up .
we got a boat and headed out on the river .
we passed by some fellow sailers on out way to the shore .
when we got to the shore line , we got out and walked around .
we hung out there for a while before heading back .
the forest was blurry
and the sun was going down
near the lake .
the fields were green
and the woman was taking photos .
[female] and [male] were on their honeymoon . [female] was soaking up the rays .
[male] had the circular pool all to himself .
they went sightseeing . they saw ancient tunnels .
they saw ruins .
that night they reflected on the wonderful day they had had together .
the woman enjoyed being by the water
they enjoyed the boat ride as well .
the man was pleased with his experience on the boat
he really loved the architecture .
she wanted to stay up there all day because the view was so beautiful .
my family rented an old villa for the week , and my wife decided to sunbathe in the courtyard .
the villa came with its own pool , which we used all the time .
my son posed for a picture in the old stone walkways of the town .
from up above , the town spread before us in a beautiful vista .
we took a boat ride on the ocean and watched the sun set .
relaxing outside while catching up on some reading .
enjoying the pool under the sun .
exploring an ancient castle while on vacation .
touring ancient ruins with friends .
a relaxing boat ride at night was a great way to end the day .
on vacation in location , [female] just took it easy .
she and [male] enjoyed the luxurious hotel pool .
[male] also visited plenty of historic sites .
there were beautiful vistas on the hillside .
the view from the boat was even better .
we woke up to a dreary day at the beach .
we ended up just staying anyways .
the family would be coming the next day .
the kids liked playing on the cliff .
the water was beating the sides with force .
the coastline in this part of the state is rocky and scary-looking .
but still , it is beautiful if you take the time to explore .
the weather is usually cold , especially if the sun is n't out .
you can find interesting things on the beach if you look .
what a cool rock formation !
looks like the storm is finally subsiding .
the sky is beginning to clear up .
the waves are calming down .
i can finally get a little closer to the shore .
then check out some more of the area .
i went up the coast on a dark and stormy day to see the beaches .
i stood on the beach and watched the waves get rougher .
as the dark clouds rolled in , i grew fearful for being out in the open .
the rain began as i retreated away from the water 's edge and up the cliff .
from the top of the cliff , i had a great vista of the bay .
it was a gloomy , cold morning .
the family went out for a brisk hike .
the views were amazing , but something did n't feel right .
there was something lurking in the water , watching them .
it was the rocks ... thew are alive .
we recently had the pleasure of taking a trip to location . the women were so beautiful in their saris .
we watched the men line up for the camel races .
the poverty there is overwhelming .
the people sell their wares in the open air market .
at the end of each day we watched the beautiful sunset over the river .
a family came together to go on a trip to get closer .
they saw many boats and decided to ride one .
they were happy that they chose to take the boat and though they had to row themselves , they enjoyed the happy time together .
later they went to the market and looked at old books .
then they bought some trinkets from a couple of brothers as souvenirs to remember the trip .
the family is together for a picture .
the camels lined up side by side .
the man stopped his prayer to take a picture .
the brothers gathered to play a game of chess .
the sunset is beautiful .
it is fun to learn about different cultures .
camels are used for transportation .
different people relax in different ways .
the cultural artwork is very colorful .
everybody , no matter where they 're from , loves the water .
there are many different kinds of cultures in the world .
people have many different ways of life .
some people are less fortunate than others .
but at as long as you have family , you can still be happy .
it really is a huge world we live in .
our grandparents hang out with us just the same .
that red dress was the highlight of the party !
after dinner these guys were hanging out .
what a silly hat for this young man .
say cheese !
we had a family reunion .
our family really enjoys going .
we had a good time taking photos .
everyone was quite happy .
it was a very good day .
our business associates grouped to take pictures .
they took too many pictures that night .
i wondered why everyone was so happy to see each other .
my coworker was happy to celebrate .
he invited his friends to have a good time too .
on new years , i spent some time with my family .
different family members came and went throughout the night .
later on , i went out with some friends .
some people wore some new years-related clothes .
we took lots of pictures , since this occasion only happens once a year .
the family waiting for other people to arrive for new year 's eve .
the family getting together before a night on the town .
the evening begins with dinner and a few drinks at a restaurant .
we are waiting patiently for the clock to strike midnight .
we get together to take one last photo as our night comes to an end .
i found a really cool garden when i went on vacation .
then i went to the beach .
afterwards i spent time observing architecture .
there was some really cool things to see .
i 'd love to go back one day .
this is a garden i wish to have at my own house one of these days .
through the trees we see the blossoms slowly blooming .
it 's a long way down to the bottom .
the rain started to fall . bring for umbrella !
glowing green grass for as long as you can see .
we ventured through the garden first .
then i got my feet wet at the beach .
later , we did some historical traveling .
these two policemen were riding on horses .
near the officers was the town hall .
yeseterday we explored the city we were staying in .
we went to the local beach and enjoyed the sand between our toes .
then , we saw the wonderful buildings the city contained .
the parks in the city were very clean .
when we were leaving , there was a band playing in the streets .
today , we went all around the city on our vacation .
first , we spent time on the beach , since it was a hot day .
we went to the monument museum as well .
while we were walking , we saw people riding on horseback in the middle of the city .
also , we saw some sort of ceremony on the streets .
i went hiking in the woods .
there is a lot of interesting plants .
i found some really big leaves .
there was a really cool pathway .
and i found a lot of flowers .
in nature , we observed this flower .
in companionship , these yellow flowers were nearby .
we could hear little chirps and then we spotted these guys .
on our way back to the hotel , we caught a glimpse of the city light .
our hotel looks marvelous late at night .
this place is magical , it feels like some kind of dreamland .
the flowers are bursting with colors i 've never experienced .
the leaves are healthy and huge filled with nector for the bugs to eat .
the walkways of most places are sorrounded by folliage of all kinds .
these yellow flowers look so delicate yet strong .
the botanical gardens recently added an exotic plant section of their ever expanding center .
they added the rare pink [female] that 's only native to the southern hemisphere .
along with the flowers , they added some native bugs to help cultivate the garden .
new archways were built to add some excitement to the new area .
the yellow butterfly flower , a very rare flower was also added to the grounds making it a must see for all visitors .
inside the botanical gardens we got to see a water fall .
we got to see some beautiful pink flowers in bloom .
all over the botanical gardens , we saw butterflies of all kinds .
the different paths all provided beautiful scenery .
at the end of the trip we found two yellow flowers by themselves .
we drove in the morning to our destination .
we arrived at the capital to do some prep work .
then we went to view this marvelous sculpture .
the next spot was this piece of land .
we had to take a different bridge on our way back home .
we visited the golden gate bridge .
it was very large .
and it stretched a very long way .
we then looked at some modern art .
we 'll go back one day .
got to see the location location tonight for the first time it was quite the sight .
driving over it was pretty intense luckily there was no traffic .
its such a huge bridge , cant believe i crossed it !
i looked like quite the tourist taking a picture of this giant red art piece .
finished my trip at the capital , cant wait to go back .
we took a road trip today . while we were traveling we crossed a large bridge .
we got to see a lot of really cool buildings in the city .
there was some really interesting artwork all over the city .
when we came to the ocean , we got to see some really beautiful views .
at night , all the lights made the architecture pretty .
architecture can encompass many things , such as bridges , and buildings .
this building here looks really cool and would be nice to explore .
this piece is red and looks like and kind of looks like a ribbon .
although this is not architecture , it is a wonderfully man made scene to look at .
the lights illuminate the bridge at night .
we visited a graveyard .
it was very creppy .
there was a group of people there .
and a very old church .
i do n't think i 'm going back there .
a very old house with graves in the back .
head stones line the rows in this hollowed ground .
how long can we see across this country land .
church yard looking up , looming over us as it 's always been .
far as we can see , that one will always be there .
near our home was another interesting home .
nearby was a cemetery that had many tenants .
across the street we 're horses grazing .
we decided to go to the nearest cathedral .
afterwords , we relaxed at the beach .
while on vacation , we took a tour of an old mill .
behind it was a burial ground of its poorer workers from long ago .
the mill was set on a long flat of land near the water .
it was a beautiful building .
in the evening , looking back on the day , i was glad i had seen it .
the aqueduct in location was more beautiful than i imagined .
the graveyard was more organized than i thought too .
a whole clan of settlers overlooked the valley as i snapped a picture .
an old church stood against the darkened sky .
as i walked away from it all , i took a deep breath and was in awe of the landscape .
we started the day at a lovely cove .
a few miles down were these wonderful structures .
i told him to pause for a second so i could snap a shot .
then we went to the city hall to talk about politics .
the cemetery was a very peaceful place to meditate and be grateful .
we enjoy going to the beach .
the beach was quite empty .
there was a lot of interesting things at the beach .
we really enjoyed our time there .
we may go back one day .
it was a misty morning , and i am just waking up to this beautiful mountain view .
as i come out of my room to go walking in the sand , the view goes from happy to sad when i see what appears to be metal trash on the beach .
wow , why do looks have to be so deceiving . as you can see i 'm still smiling because it 's going to still be a good day
i get to memorialize one of my fellow veterans and am blessed to be here
so you see all these heros that died for us , do not take a day for granted . smile .
today we visited the beach . the sky was grey and cloudy .
while walking along the beach we came across these strange triangles .
it was very cold on the beach that day .
while we were out we visited a government office .
towards the end of our trip we came across a grave yard .
seeing the sights of location location beach line areas .
deserted mountainous ranges are awesome especially as the sun sets .
the 'triangle beach ' side wells have been around since the early days .
enjoying the day and seeing the sights . a day i will never forget .
lastly , the reason for the trip to the nations capital . to see the war memorial and visit location national museum . walking through history is an experience of a lifetime .
my wife and i went to the deli to eat lunch .
afterwords her friend and her went to get haircuts .
it was their day and mom had prepared dinner .
this is a picture of mom and her friends .
after the party we celebrated at the beach together .
we went to the city one day .
we found a lot of cool buildings .
there was some very large and old buildings .
they where built very well .
we even got our hair trimmed .
for her birthday , the family wanted to take their mother out for an all day affair beginning with breakfast at her favorite restaurant .
next they surprised her by taking her to the salon for a new hairdo .
later , a home cooked lunch from her friends .
the friends gathered round to help her celebrate .
finally the family took their mother and father to the beach where they got married 50 years ago .
while we were out visiting the city , we stopped to have some dessert .
there was some really old houses not too far from the city .
the city had some christmas decorations everywhere to celebrate the holidays .
some of the buildings were really old but really beautiful .
at the end of the day we needed to stop to get haircuts .
it feels good to be back in my hometown . the sidewalk cafe is still the best around .
my uncle still gives me the best hair cuts .
simple hometown food for the family gathering to remember dear old mom .
all us sisters are back together . catching up with each others lives .
before , i head back home i have to visit my favorite beach . the walk helps me put this into prospective .
i keep a garden outside of my house .
i spend a lot of time on it .
i enjoy going to the coast after working in the garden .
i really like observing nature .
i really enjoy where i live .
garden grove , the wild life is so lush .
trees growing here as so old and lush .
rocks and water lapping up to us , what more could we want ?
perfect garden , kept always fresh and lean .
flying high , the entertain us to no end .
the garden was well decorated .
near the garden stood the lovely home .
the home was near a wonderful cove .
sea otters used the cove as a home .
my wife loves the beach by our house .
one of my family members lives on a large estate .
they have a traditional-looking house , though .
they live near an exclusive beach .
not too many people live in the area , so there are many animals as well .
i took a picture of my sister near the beach .
we visited the wedding venue today , before the big day !
there is a beautiful mansion on the grounds .
the view is awesome !
there was an otter family in the waters nearby .
we went down to the beach below and checked it out .
at the office , we keep the style contemporary .
outside the office , it appears to be a palace .
the city is surrounded with impressive architecture .
we took a trip to the beach and got this amazing snap .
we headed to the lighthouse for dinner .
i visited a lighthouse .
there was a lot of buildings around it .
the lighthouse is very tall .
there is a really cool view from inside the lighthouse .
you can see the whole island form the top .
when we arrived to the hotel , some of the doors were rustic and old .
on the outside it had some interesting signs on the building .
the view from the room was blocked by another hotel .
not to far from where we were staying was the ocean .
we got to see some beautiful architecture .
i went on a sight-seeing trip to location . first i went to see a prison . the cells were so small .
then , while i was walking , i saw a sign that was faced the wrong way . i wonder how that happened .
there were lots of tall buildings here . there were many different styles and colors too .
the coast is very pretty . here it is from a distance . i love how it looks .
the last thing i saw was a light tower . this was used to help the ships see in the dark at night .
location location has unique architectural structures . this lighthouse is a landmark .
downtown is a mass of building with little landscape .
their is beauty downtown also in the design of the buildings against the blue sky .
a close of look at the unusual windows of the museum of art .
nothing beats the natural beauty of the coastline though . breathtaking beauty of the greatest creator .
we went on vacation .
we met lots of cool people .
and then we looked at lots of interesting buildings .
we took lots of pictures .
and we went boating .
this is the biggest fish that i 've ever seen in my life .
the sidewalk was very interesting to this guy !
old houses still stand in this part of town .
a young woman finds love where she did n't think she would .
after party raging like it should , super fun !
i took a picture of him next to this monument .
he was happy to be in another town .
his vacation home was well furnished .
his girlfriend was outgoing and funny .
at the club , he bought us all drinks .
it was so long ago , but i remember it like it was nothing . this giant fish hanging , but it was the smell that stays with me .
here is me and susan . we where such a cute couple then . to bad it would not last .
here i am wearing my glasses . the reflection of the water had such a glare on it .
we where just walking through the city . susan loved to take pictures of me with odd backgrounds .
here right as we entered the boardwalk . they had so many nice little shops .
the largest fish the city 's ever seen was caught recently !
the entire community had a celebration to commemorate the event .
i took the opportunity to see the local attractions and
walk through the parks i drove past every day .
i also visited the harbor .
in the morning , we traveled to this secluded spot to admire the water .
the blue ocean was magnificent .
on the walk back home we observed this sneaky cat .
my man decided to pose while i snapped .
the sunset was truly adorable !
water looking so deep and clear , i want to swim there !
one house stand on it 's own , i hope it stands forever .
cliffs and water clash , thousands of years are to blame , we love it .
sun going down , water still rising up to meet us .
the morning shows us as it 's always been and will be forever .
this is a great place to g9 when on vacation .
the sights are amazing and simple , yet filled with all types of treasures .
the waters are so clean and clear you can use it for everything .
the sunrises and sunsets are breathtaking ?
the mountains are filled with all kinds of trees and goodies .
this is the overview of the family 's hotel balcony on their trip to location .
once they visited the top floor of the hotel , they could see the massive forest that was nearby .
on the way to the cove , they spotted a black cat carefully walking across a narrow wall .
once they made it to the cove , they took pictures of the landmark .
after an exhausted day of sightseeing , the family watch the sunset .
today we visited a blue lagoon and the view was amazing .
along the water we came across an old chapel in the middle of no where .
the water was so clean and cool .
when the sun was setting , the reflection made the water look orange .
the over look of the ocean was extremely peaceful .
we went on vacation , and planned our route .
we drove quite a bit .
we arrived to our city .
and bought lots of cool clothes .
and stayed at a very nice hotel .
this is the map that we would have to follow around the city .
how can i take this message seriously ? !
gather around for this quick photo opportunity .
teacher her how to make the meal right .
how long has this building been standing here ? very long .
we used a map to plan our journey .
the signs were useful in direction .
we drove closer to the water .
at the hotel , my wife won a shirt as a gift .
we dropped my son off at his medical university .
the route set we knew what we had to do .
taking the correct exit everything was going to plan .
even the day was perfect . boats on the calm waters , and a clear sunny day .
i picked up my scrubs . they fit perfectly . i knew that i made the right choice .
this med school would fit me well for the next four years .
i went on a road trip recently .
i drove for many miles on the highway .
at last , i saw my destination in the distance .
i bought a funny shirt for my dad at a local store .
there were many prestigious colleges in the city .
we went to location .
there where lots of cool buildings .
and lots of archways .
there was a large sea on the outside .
a lot of people still live there .
the newly wed couple enjoyed a beautiful wedding in the courtyard .
the father and mother of the bride surprised the couple with a honeymoon cruise .
the cruise would take them through the location location .
they spent most of their time relaxing
the scenery on their trip was beautiful .
in the city , we found lovely homes .
in the dark parts of the city , we found more architecture .
the city had so many buildings .
a few miles out was the ocean .
the people in the city told us about their ocean stories .
last year , i visited location .
the architecture was beautiful .
there were many old buildings as well .
the water was beautiful and clear .
we saw a local wedding , and everyone was very friendly .
we traveled far for the wedding
even mom and dad made it out
it was a very long trip we took
i got some free time to relax
the beaches here are beautiful
we went on a road trip .
it was very tiring .
when we go there we went sailing .
we had a great time .
we packed up and headed back home .
on the road , driving to our perfect spot on the seaside .
this boat was broken but we got it working just in time !
our captain was a very good teacher !
the sail catching the air is what pulls us forward .
after the day is over we pull the boat up to the car .
it was a long journey from our home .
both sons slept in the car .
when we got there , we sailed for a bit .
the water was so clear .
there were other people that brought boats too .
my family took a road trip to the lake .
my son and his friend took a nap while we drove .
we rented a small boat for the day .
the view was really nice .
at the end of the day , we used a trailer to return the boat .
the drive out to the lake was long .
the two friends fell asleep in the back seat during the drive .
the friends eased their boat out onto the lake .
they really got the hang of sailing !
the friends had a great time sailing around . all packed up and ready for the drive home !
mr snuggles here came to see us off before we left for our day trip .
the view was amazing at the beach , i can just stare off into it for hours .
here we are taking a picture together in front of the picturesque ocean .
i couldnt keep my eyes off it , there were lots of great views from this pier .
such a mysterious lighthouse but we will have to save that for our next adventure .
we found a cat on the way to the ocean .
we where excited to go .
the ocean was beautiful .
there was a lot of walking you could do around the ocean .
we had a great time .
mg cat loves the sun .
my wife prefers the shade .
i like to spend most of my time on the beach .
the beach and shore neighborhood is so precious .
my friend posed in front of the beach for a photo .
here is kitty right before we left . she is not normally social , so it was nice to see her .
the sky looked so good on the beach . it was hard to see where it ended and the water began .
me and greg right at the edge after parking . i think he rather enjoyed himself .
you can see that some of the beach had eroded away , and a wall had to be put up .
in the distance we saw this light house . i wanted to go and see it but greg thought i was a bad idea .
a couple was going for a walk when they saw a cat on the sidewalk .
next , they found a wide , open stretch of sea .
they decided to take their picture in front of it .
the man took a picture of the woman enjoying herself on the pier , as well .
finally , they decided to head out to the lighthouse to end their day .
during our anniversary date . we enjoy the food so yummy .
another seafood that complete our day .
relaxing after the heavy meal we had eat .
a nice view on the river side while relaxing .
what a peaceful place to live or hanging out with family .
then my friends and i , stopped at this local restaurant to try their lobster , which was great by the way .
the beach looked pretty calm in the morning
i decided to go the beach even if it was n't sunny .
i decided to venture on a boat trip which was really interesting .
we also had this delicatessen of their traditional dish , which was a bit scary but tasty .
the family enjoyed the dishes together .
the main entree was delicious .
she enjoyed a nap in the swing after eating .
the view of the lake was astounding .
the water leading into the town was brown .
when we visited , our hosts served us delicious meals every day .
every meal was a bit of an adventure .
we slept in hammocks which i loved .
we could see the water from their house .
it was too polluted to swim in .
i am having a vacation with friends at a restaurant and a beach .
awesome food for dinner .
the hammocks were comfortable .
the views were great .
the water was calm and pretty to look at .
a couple went on a trip hiking .
they liked the isolated nature of the area but liked to have the comforts of home near .
they were able to fish on a peaceful lake .
they saw beautiful flowers .
but most of all they enjoyed the beautiful scenery and felt awe at god 's creation .
i loved my vacation this year !
look at this beautiful photo i took of location location 's
these beautiful pink flowers were along the trail we walked
we took a 40 mile hike up to this mountain range
this is my last photo and favorite from the whole trip
we sat across a lake near a mountain .
we got up and decided to explore .
the crazy looking flora caught my attention first .
then the vastness of the open plain .
we stopped by a lake before continuing on .
the raft the men had whipped up made continued to float down the river .
cold grey mountains flanked them on either side of the river .
when the men spotted flowers stubbornly growing between the cracks of the rocks they felt inspired . they would n't let the river 's freezing water dampen their spirits .
just before their raft deteriorated completely they finally found a place where they could make landfall . a dirt path stretched out before them .
after many hours of following the path the men found themselves in an idyllic glade . the men smiled at each other before looking behind them to the crates they had brought with them . in this remote wilderness the men knew that the parents of these children would never find them .
went out for an amazing hike today . thank god for vacations .
can you believe this place ? it just looks amazing .
the water looks like something made just yesterday . none of that city dirt .
there are n't that many flowers , but the ones you find are really beautiful .
when fairy tale meets real life .
i got the chance to stay at a tiny island resort .
with white sandy beaches and crystal-clear ocean it was a paradise .
we got the chance to go on a jungle exploration .
we follow the path through the jungle . lead to an old monastery .
we got back to the hotel just in time to watch the sunset , it was a great day .
this house is surrounded by water .
the architecture of the house is very modern .
this is one side of the house .
the house even has a large reflecting pool .
the natural beauty of the surrounding property brings up the value .
during my hike i came across a small creek . i decided to take a dip and cool off
later i took cover under a parking garage
no cars were parked there . then i realized it was the weekend and people were not at work
in the distance i could see a large out door pool .
after i rested i continued on my journey and passed a really beautiful waterfall
todays trip to the incan ruins was both educational and enjoyable .
we started the day at the shore where we went out on a small fishing boat .
we enjoyed swimming in the ravine afterwards .
the tour included many historic buildings that we had only read about .
at the end of the day we watched the sunset under a clear purple sky .
we went to location to enjoy the tropical weather but when we arrived it was pretty gloomy .
the weather really was n't even nice enough to enjoy the beach .
instead , we spent a lot of our time exploring other parts of nature .
we even took the time to go to some old ruins .
finally , by the second week of our trip , the sun was shining bright and we spent 8-hour days on the beach .
my sister , [female] , lying on the sand , at the beach .
[female] and her boyfriend , rob , standing by the shore .
[female] , still taking in dreamland , in the morning .
this is the condo where we stayed , during our trip to location .
[female] having late breakfast with bread and jam .
we honeymooned in the medeterainean this summer .
we got to explore castles .
the beautiful inlets were perfect for sunsets .
our bed was comfortable .
we were treated to breakfast in the mornings .
my girlfriend and i took a vacation to lay on the beach for a few days .
we posed for a picture on the tile walkway next to the water 's edge .
we slept in a cozy bed and breakfast with a crazy quilt .
the building we stayed in had a balcony that ran all the way around .
in the morning , we had our own kitchen to make breakfast in .
[female] did not like [male] taking her picture .
she no longer loves [male] , but wanted to go on a free vacation .
this is where she pretended to have an orgasm .
this is the mediocre house [male] rented for the week .
the 1970s decor did not impress [female] and she murdered him in his sleep .
the couple was on vacation .
they started by going to the beach .
they checked into their bed and breakfast .
there was a beautiful view from their room .
then they ate dinner .
we headed to the rustic dock for our ocean life tour .
even though there were lots of boats , ours was easy to find .
once we got a little further out , i thought i saw something on the rocks !
i did ! there were the seals i had been hoping to see , all lounging around on the same rock !
this one even came by our boat to say hello ! it was the best vacation ever .
this dolphin greeted us this morning , joyfully .
the birds were waiting for lunch .
how cute is this pier ? it had many fishermen out today .
the marina was also filling up fast with sail boats .
stopped here and had a quick snack before hiking along the rocky water side .
i visited an old waterfront town that is now a tourist destination .
there are boats there , where they will take you out on the water for a fee .
i walked down the beach and took pictures of the rocks in the surf .
off the shore , there was a little rock populated by birds .
a sharp rock pointed out of the water below .
we started out by the dock looking to catch a boat .
we we 're in luck and spotted one that was taking people out .
the waves of the ocean looked awesome from the boat as we went past .
came up near some rocky formations that the boat would not get to close to .
then out of nowhere , a dolphin popped its head up . a great way to end a boat trip .
at the docks getting ready for a boat ride .
off we go onto the great big sea .
how lovely it is , with the good clean fresh smell .
looking at the birds on the rocks .
getting to see all the creatures of the deep .
enjoying myself and strolling to relax .
arriving down the long road to a quiet place to relax .
the attractions are all around and in walking distance .
the water is aqua blue and findings of the earth is breathable .
leaving the destination is the hardest part of this magical vacation .
me and my brother drove into town on the last day of our vacation .
we stopped at a good place to eat .
before we left to the airport we decided to go sightseeing one last time .
we took some great pictures by the mountains .
the view of the mountains and the beach was stunning .
my brother and i decided to take a road trip , and drove up the coast .
we saw a small town near the water and drove down the main street .
at the water 's edge i took a picture of my brother near the beach .
he took a picture of me facing the other way .
up the coast , we could see magnificent hills rising from the water .
[male] was excited to be out of the city . the company 's hq was in a beautiful town .
at the headquarters the grounds were kept clean and trimmed .
coming to this building was fun for the workers who lived in the city .
the beaches in this area were picturesque .
the town was small but the local restaurants were world renowned . [male] wished he could work at this location .
standing along the coast line while on holiday .
taking the long walk between the trees to see the building at the end .
getting ready to do a little exploring in the countryside .
gazing out to the sea and just thinking .
downtown to do some shopping and sightseeing .
we decided to spend the afternoon at the boardwalk .
i went to one of my favorite stores called pandora 's box .
when we were done shopping my daughter decided to join the band while they were playing .
my husband and his brothers were waiting for us two bring lunch .
my son and his friend decided to play basketball while we shopped and got lunch .
my family and their friends are getting ready to have a barbecue at the park .
my friend 's son , [male] , is posing by a tree .
my friend and [male] is getting ready to give a small musical performance .
we are waiting near the front entrance of the amusement park .
my friend , [male] , giving a small musical performance .
i went to a tourist town on business but spent some time walking around .
a building near the shore had an advertisement for altoids .
a band was set up on the street , and a little girl danced to the music .
nearby , a group of people sat on benches eating their lunches .
a basketball court had been built right by the water and was in use .
it was a monthly celebration in the city 's square .
kids and adults loved these gatherings .
the band played songs every month that the kids loved to dance to .
getting some shade where they could find it kept the residents cool .
most of the people gathered near the beach to get cool but some people decided to play basketball .
the couple was taking a vacation in location .
they came upon a skate park .
they stopped and watched the skaters and listened to music .
the park was very busy that day .
afterwards they went to the other part of the park to play basketball .
i rode my bike all the way home to talk to my mom .
she bought a new keyboard but i told her that the internet was boring and nature was fun .
i took her outside to view this lovely flower .
she said she preferred the beach so she took me there .
we saw so many adorable dolphins at the beach section .
got a new camera and decided to take it to a dolphin show .
i ended up getting some good shots of the dolphins and trainers .
but my favorite is the macros .
here is the new camera . gosh , i love it .
these are my other two loves , coffee and cigarettes .
i decided to take a trip on my motorcycle to the coastline .
it would be interesting to write about it on my blog later .
the flowers there were amazing to look at .
the water looked so nice .
i then took a boat out so i could enjoy it .
i went to see a water show performed by dolphins this weekend .
one of the trainers rode on the dolphin around the pen .
nearby , i saw a gorgeous flower i had never seen before .
later , i experimented with my camera and took a still-life shot of another camera .
i did the same thing with my organization cup and my cigarette i was enjoying .
i said goodbye to all the toys in my office cubicle .
this keyboard wo n't be used for a week .
my wife wanted a flower picture , it was the first i took at the resort .
the hotel was all inclusive and this view was part of the package .
swimming with the dolphins was on my bucket list ! it was the highlight of our vacation .
while we were on vacation , we did a photoshoot .
the water was so warm , i never wanted to leave .
day or night , this place is spectacular .
we need a hammock at home , and the beach .
just catching up on some reading ... i think .
i went swimming in the ocean today .
my girlfriend brought the camera .
she noticed the reflection on my sunglasses .
she was inspired to take a panoramic picture from the reflection on my sunglasses .
she was enjoyed the decadent lifestyle while we were there .
my girlfriend and i went to a lovely beach this weekend .
i took pictures of her as she lounged in the surf .
at night , we sat on the beach and took pictures under the moon .
the next day , she lounged in a hammock between two trees .
we sat on the beach and read together in the sun .
getting time to swim in the water was fun to [male] .
[female] loved relaxing in the sea .
they both loved spending their weekends by the water .
a hammock by the water was a perfect spot to relax .
as the sun came down everyone loved their times spent at the beach .
the group of friends went on vacation .
the ocean water was really warm .
they spent the whole night at the beach .
in the morning they went right back down .
they spent the day relaxing and reading .
the view was amazing from the coast surf .
we walked for hours and took in the view .
it was time for a swim with friends .
after , we found this wonderful flower .
the flower had an insect on it .
it was a foggy day , but it sure was scenic .
the rocks in the area looked very unique , like volcanic rock .
the view from up high made it seem even more beautiful .
some surfers were out that day taking advantage of the good waves .
i love these types of colorful flowers .
there was an eerie glow to the day .
the mountain peak was so amazing to see .
nearby , the water pushed in and out .
we could n't resist playing in it for awhile .
there were also a bunch of pretty flowers all around the coast .
the family went on a trip to the beach .
they were amazed to see the big rock structures .
the surf was gently rolling in .
even though it was overcast , it was warm enough to play in the water .
it was a beautifully wild place to spend the day .
the family went for a hike on the beach .
the family was a mom dad daughter and her husband .
the walked down to the cold water .
next they hiked up the bluff .
they saw beautiful nature on their hike .
hi , i am on my way to the beach come with me .
the beach is so fun and the water is great .
building sandcastles and playing with the kids has been refreshing .
now the time for grown ups is very near .
floating around the waters in heaven is all the time i need , bye now .
this is a great vacation spot .
the water is beautiful and calm .
there is a restaurant right on the beach .
you might make a furry friend .
you can also go sailing .
a man had the day off , so he was thinking about what he could do outdoors since it was so nice .
he decided that a day at the beach would be the perfect way to enjoy his day off .
he rented a boat and went sailing , happy that he was actually on the water instead of on the beach like most people .
he sailed around the water , looking at things like the pier where people fished .
after returning his rental boat , he sat on a bench and looked at the others enjoying their day too .
the beautiful curved island .
this is the boat we will go out on later .
this is the beach right in front of our hotel .
the cute little cat that came from nowhere .
the harbour with all the sailboats .
i decided today was a great day to get out and get some sun .
got to the beach and it could n't be more perfect .
down the shore , you could see people everywhere . apparently they had the same idea as me today .
went down to the pier to gaze out at the sun as the day grew on .
finally saw a small boat before i left that had a few friends in it i knew from back in the day .
while on vacation i attended a river parade .
some of the float had floats .
other vehicles were powered by regular wheels .
some were powered by water wheels .
others looked more like boats .
this was so much fun . we went to an event where people made their own land/water vehicles .
people were so creative , i could n't imagine drawing up an idea like this .
the boat was so classic , but beautifully done .
the people using the kayaks had the right idea .
i really think they need to make this a unicorn , my children would love that .
i went camping this weekend near a lake .
a group of people had made the most ridiculous paddle boats they could .
this one was shaped like a car that was floating on the water .
another was shaped like a giant wheel that went around and around in the water .
i was most impressed with the one that took on a sailing ship motif .
the `` silly boat show '' was an attraction that everyone loved to participate in and watch .
working on their boats for a whole year meant a lot of creativity was put into the boats .
families and couples expressed their fun side during these contests .
one of the crowd favorites was the frog boat .
the boat that was the winner was the horse boat , but everyone had fun . even the losers had a good time .
a car is towing a trailer on a nice day .
a man is pedaling a unique boat on the water .
there is a car type vehicle with big wheels in the water .
there is a round water vehicle in the water .
there is a unique orange boat in the water .
spring had arrived which meant it was time to go fly the kites .
every spring the town had a kite fair .
there were kites of all sizes and shapes .
this year the winning kite was in the shape of a lobster and it was massive .
the second and third place kites were both quite large too but everyone agreed they were n't as cool as the lobster kite .
its the annual kite competition at our local beach
kites of all shapes and sizes ... .even super hero kites .
even the local sea life got in on the act .
a few clouds did n't stop the fun ! !
this kite is probably my favorite ... more of a flying ship than a kite .
we went to the annual kite festival this week .
there were kites of all shapes and sizes .
there were big kites and little kites and people of all ages .
this lobster kite was one of my favorite .
these were some of the bigger kites that got a lot of attention .
the skies were clear for the event .
there was a kite flying event at the beach .
there were really big kites for the occasion .
there was also a lobster kite .
lastly , it was a day to remember .
we went to the kite flying festival
there were so many kites
there were some amazing kites
the lobster one was incredible
i hope we can see more
flying over the city-side . just a wonderful day for flying .
you wo n't catch me on one of those cable cars , no way !
this field was completely new and empty .
a gorgeous view of the beach and waves crashing .
here it is , the big statute in location !
when you visit location , you can see jungles . . .
and modern cities .
sightseeing is fun from this unique perspective .
you can take in a match .
do n't forget to visit all of the local sights .
getting my first glimpse of location was so exciting .
i loved the view so much i decided i needed to see more of it from a sky lift .
next we attended a soccer game at their famous stadium .
my favorite time the whole trip was spent at the beach , sun bathing of course .
we ended our trip visiting [male] . i never knew that statue was so huge , pictures do it no justice .
the family decided to go on vacation .
we did a lot of fun stuff , like riding this thing .
and saw sporting events .
we visited the beautiful beaches .
and saw the monuments .
on vacation in location exploring and observing the animals .
still in the plane and getting ready to land .
riding on the monorail for a better view .
what a lush green soccer field .
standing in awe at the base of christ the redeemer .
my brother [male] and his wife are getting ready to fly the kites .
[male] 's wife , [female] , is having hard time controlling the kite .
[female] and her two kids sit on the sand to relax for awhile .
my nephews , [female] and [male] , settle on their race cars .
the race was very fierce and a lot of fun .
it was a nice day out and they were excited .
the wind was quite strong that day and these people enjoyed it .
he was able to go really fast and had a lot of fun .
he was psyched for ride .
he dirtied up his pants but it was worth the fun .
a group of people went to location on a vacation .
a sand sailing race was going on at the beach
[male] , one of group member participated in the race .
[male] was the first one to finish the race .
[male] who was not quite comfortable riding the land watch , watch the race from a distance .
on the beach for a day of kite flying .
it 's a very windy day and holding the kite is hard work but fun .
glad friends showed up to help hold the kite .
racing along with friends and family .
look how many people are taking advantage of such a great day .
there are three people standing on the beach .
there are two beach vehicles racing .
there is man racing a vehicle on the beach on a cloudy day .
a man has a green vehicle he is driving on the beach .
a man is standing next to his vehicle on the beach .
[male] and [male] were up early to explore this middle eastern town . the buildings are clean and well kept .
near noon , they found a small bazaar in the town center where trade was being conducted .
after lunch , they rented motorbikes to go to the beach where they planned to girl watch .
however , the beach did not contain girls . if it had , they would have been in burkas .
the camel was not the only strange sight they saw . this was their first sighting of a beach tractor . at least it was an interesting day .
we decided to take the old pickup to the beach today .
it was a good day to go to the beach .
there were many fisherman in the water .
we relaxed for the first few hours .
after we got bored of sitting around , we went para-sailing !
we decided to go to the beach today .
at the beach we admired the trees .
we also swam , the water felt wonderful .
and sat under the umbrella for a while .
and we played fun games .
there are a bunch of people walking by a building .
there are people standing next to items on the ground .
there are a bunch of bicycles all lined up .
a camel is taking a break on the beach .
people are standing next to a tractor on the beach .
the family was vacationing in location .
they were staying at a bed and breakfast .
the went out exploring the town .
they saw some strange things at the beach .
there was even a tractor there !
showing off his big guns , tough guy .
this fella surfed all day long , he is getting really good at it too .
i love vacation , we share so many laughs .
making a little concoction of something i am not sure of .
here i am just enjoying an ice cold beer .
[male] and [female] went to location for their honeymoon .
[male] surfed and enjoyed himself every day in the ocean .
[female] loved walking the trails around their beachside cabin every day .
a local neighbor showed the ropes around the small town .
at night , they would finish with neighborhood parties and drinks .
our party has strong people .
good surfers .
we always have a great time .
having some beers and fooling around .
today was a great day .
my brother always tried to show off his muscles on our beach days .
i wanted to surf more than anything .
everyone just sat around and talked as we did our thing .
there was even some alcohol involved .
it always turned out to be a good day .
my friends and i were all hanging out . i wanted to go to the gym .
[male] wanted to go surfing .
[female] and [female] wanted to tell jokes .
[male] wanted to grill .
lastly , [female] just wanted to drink beer .
here is the villa we were staying at while on vacation .
the harbor was always so busy !
that yacht is bigger than our house , probably bigger than 3 houses .
this was a beautiful waterfall built into our backyard landscape at the villa .
is n't this view of the beach just amazing ?
we went on a cruise and the ship stopped at a tropical island .
the harbor was beautiful .
this is our cruise ship seen from a distance .
while we were hiking around , we found this awesome waterfall .
we were happy our ship was still there waiting for us when we finished the hike .
this is a far off picture of our hotel .
this is an areal shot of the whole island .
this is another areal shot of the island .
this is the amazing water fall .
this is the beautiful beach .
i took a trip to a town in the tropics and observed the beautiful buildings and trees .
in the center of town was a marina in a little man-made bay .
the marina had all kinds of boats docked in it , from small speedboats to enormous yachts .
nearby , i found an old concrete building that was falling into disrepair .
i went up to the top of a hill and took a picture of the beautiful sapphire water and the beach .
we are on vacation and here is a picture of our villa .
standing on the balcony of our villa and looking at the seaport below .
admiring the yacht that is docked in the harbor .
exploring the wonders of a beautiful waterfall while swimming in the water below .
ending the day by going down to the beach then a dip in the sea .
looking through old photographs , check out his car ! that thing was a great vehicle .
i remember that kitty cat . he was just a little baby there .
just hanging out , getting older .
i ca n't believe they wore speedos .
spots loved the ocean too .
we are at the house with our family enjoying cocktails .
this is my alone time to catch up on all my social webbing activities .
this is how my family gets around .
the kids and friend normal day at the lovely home chilling .
this is us up in a roar having fun and showing our love .
we arrived midday in my old car , excited to finally be there .
our family was so close back a few years ago .
now , it 's life no one ever left .
we took a trip to the beach .
the children and family dog had a lot of fun too .
i visited my grandmother and aunt , and ate breakfast with them .
later that day , i helped to fix my grandmother 's computer .
i drove around in my dad 's old car , which he had left with her .
at night , i sat with my cousins and watched tv .
later , we all hung out in the living room and made a mess .
it was summer time in the small town .
the brothers were getting ready for the fourth of july .
they had a lot of people over to celebrate .
they took their group to the beach .
they also brought family .
the smith family was vacationing in location and decided to take a biking trip .
they decided to bike along the water , where they could have a good view of the farms and other scenery as well .
the water was blue and calm . they could see boats and other sailing vessels farther out .
they stopped at a picnic table to relax after a couple hours to have something to eat .
day over , they gathered as a group to celebrate their fun ride .
the cruise ship came into port .
a few of the passengers disembarked , intent on having an adventure . [male] saw a bicycle rental shop . he thought , `` that 's perfect . ''
sightseeing by bike , [male] saw the city .
there was also a lovely beach and river .
[male] and his pal cycled for hours and had a great day .
even though the weather was a bit cloudy we decided to go for a bike ride .
we were so glad we went because the views of the golf courses really showed off how green the area is .
and even with the big boats in the background you just ca n't beat a view of the water .
even though there was n't much sun it was very humid out so we stopped a good bit to refuel .
we met some other nice bikers along the way and decided to have lunch together .
our group rents bikes no matter where we vacation .
we covered a lot of ground and took tons photos .
so many ships passed by this island port . this area is not accessible by car .
we stopped here for a rest , we had traveled many miles .
back at the hotel , we took some photos while discussing dinner plans .
two men are standing with bicycles next to a building .
there is a scene of water on a cloudy day .
there is a tree and water on a cloudy day .
two people are by a picnic table .
there are a bunch of people standing together smiling .
today my wife and i drove away from home to get out and spend time together .
it seem like a never ending road .
we finally made it to the beach . it was so relaxing .
we was so happy to be home .
we finally made it home to get back to our doggies that we miss while we were away .
took the family to location location location .
here 's my sister . she came along for the fun .
here i am always clowning around .
had to get a picture of the sign , we explored that bridge .
a look at the beautiful ocean .
this is our cute little rental vehicle .
we could n't help it . we had to take the scenic route .
when we got to the house , we had to rush out to the beach .
i really love this picture of my family by the sea .
among all the sites we came across , we could n't help but take this shot of the two puppies .
he family posed for a picture before embarking on their family trip .
the beach was beautiful even though it was a bit brisk outside , a warm flannel get her nice and toasty .
the beach and the shore line was a nice stop photo op !
the family decided to visit the historic bridle and did not want to is the eagle river falls .
the waves were quite big and magestic , this photo will be a nice addition to the family album .
dad had really been looking forward to the trip .
he loved to go fishing .
something about being on the water he said .
it certainly turned him into a different fellow .
i suppose all his troubles went with the tide .
this plane was flying so incredibly low .
it was amazing how fast it could change elevation .
i could n't believe how close they were flying in proximity .
they put on quite a show with their moves .
this was at the end . we sure got our money 's worth .
its a bird , its a plane , its ...
the blue angels ! !
they are amazing pilots . look at this synchronized flying .
they were so fast . one minute high , next , super low .
sometimes they just pop outta nowhere .
i went to an air show and saw a bunch of fighter planes flying overhead .
one went very high in the air and was hard to see .
three others flew in formation together over the city .
they flew really high above the city and were hard to see .
finally , they banked around and came over for one final pass .
it was a cloudy day while we watched the air show .
first , there was a single plane doing stunts .
then that plane was joined by three more jets .
all four of them performed tricks in the air .
they even did a loop midair !
today was a beautiful day for an air show .
the jets were brought out to display in the show .
they would fly together to do some pretty incredible things .
it looked to serene to see them in the air together .
it was a very beautiful show .
my brother , [male] , standing by the rail , and posing for the camera .
there was a lot of steam coming off the ground , which is considered a volcanic region .
during lunch , we had barbecued chicken , and potato salad .
[male] and his friend , [female] , making a lot of jokes , during our trip to the park .
this is the hotel we stayed in during our vacation .
on the last day of our trip me and my brother decided to go out for one last meal .
while our order was being cooked we decided to take some pictures in the meantime .
we were so hungry we ate our meal in less than 2 minutes we left the leftovers for the birds .
once we were about to leave i took this last picture of our tour guide next to the cool plane .
i was kind of sad to leave it was a great trip .
man looking at the sights .
scenic picture of what the man was looking at .
lunch after the scenic tour .
man and girlfriend smiling after fun date .
the couple is relaxing later that day .
me and my boyfriend decided to have a cookout .
the grill started smoking .
but everyone , including the birds , loved the food .
the cookout was a success .
we had a good day .
taking a picture of a friend while the steam rises in the background .
watching the steam rise from the earth .
having dinner outside with an unexpected guest .
two friends on vacation enjoying nature .
having a picnic outdoors with friends and family .
my mom used to take us to a place my great grand father helped build called barley estate .
i slipped away one day and found a cool little watering hole so i decided to slip down to my skivvies and take a refreshing swim .
i came across this opening in the rocks that looked like something from a [male] potter movie .
i peeked through and was disappointed to just find a normal river with people on the banks of it .
i put my clothes back on and shook the water out of hair and headed down a new path i found along the river and hoped it would take me somewhere exciting on my way back to the estate .
spelunking was their passion .
they traveled all over the country to visit various caves .
sometimes they had to swim under water to get the main cave area .
most of the big caves they had found did have water in them .
when they found a dry cave they would often camp in it .
the houses and most of the buildings are very old .
some of these waters are healing waters .
there are caves that look out onto trees and sky .
the trees are green and healthy and the water is clear and fresh .
this place is like a hidden paradise .
they had heard rumors about the magical properties of this place .
so they decided to visit . it was a little scary to look down so far into the gorge .
they hiked carefully down into the rocks and discovered a little known pond in the formation .
someone suggested that they might even find gold in this place if they searched hard enough .
they were n't sure that was true , but their tired feet felt amazing after they dipped them into the clear , pure waters as they admired the overhanging trees .
we went up to the caves today .
there was even a flowing river through the caves .
it was a fascinating thing to see !
the water ran through the entire cave system .
it was a very beautiful sight !
the morning started with just a couple of people on the beach .
as the day wore on , more people arrived .
it is still morning , but the beach is becoming crowded
people are even building shelters to avoid the beating of the sun .
not only are they protected from the sun , the screens keep the bugs out too . these folks know how to enjoy the beach in comfort !
the production team was happy they would be filming the music video at the beach .
they set up a place for the staff members to relax while on break .
most of the staff was just happy to sit around on the sandy beach .
[male] , the producer watched the playback of the video under the protection of the canopy .
at the end of they day , they watched the sun go down .
it was a perfect day for a party on the beach .
my friends began to arrive one or two at a time .
before i knew it , we had a small crowd .
the guys quickly set up their sound gear .
but the generator was out of gas . everyone was bummed !
my friends and i went together to hang out on the beach one weekend .
we set up a large tent , but mostly played out in the sun .
some friends set up their own chairs and sat facing the water .
others decided to get out of the sun for a while and just hung out in the tent .
as the sun was going down , i walked down the beach and took a picture of the ocean .
the beautiful beach , taken from hotel room .
everybody just hanging out on the beach .
everybody hanging out on the beach and me walking to go get a drink .
hanging out , waiting to see the band play .
listening to the band play in our screened room .
during our shopping trip we stopped at a toy store .
the had a few action figures .
they has these little stuffed animal key chains .
they even had ugly dolls !
we were n't able to figure out what things thing was .
so while we were out of town , i had to take a few pictures of these strange items i found in this shop .
stuffed , pirate block head with a yellow nose , keychain ?
the face on this doll was a bit horrifying .
double punch was the name of the store .
and these earrings were actually adorable .
we found some awesome stuffed toys in a cool little shop .
we really liked the eyepatch toy .
this statue was vey cool indeed .
double punch is such a neat little shop .
cat and chicken rings !
today i decided to take a trip to my local toy store and see what they have .
i found a small group of action figures that would look great in my room
i also found some cute key chains i could add
i really enjoyed these small toys .
i bought this penguin for my niece because she loves the animal .
the toys are on display through the store window .
the toys are lined up nicely on the shelf .
toys are hanging from the pegs .
toys are neatly lined up in boxes .
stuffed animals are laying down on the shelf .
i love vacation so much and taking pictures .
i actually got a picture with me in it , proving i was out there .
the water was so enchanting .
the waves were crashing so hard and so loud , it was mysterious .
i thought this rock was so cool the way the water had formed it .
[female] decided to take a trip to location , location .
she took pictures of the wild flowers .
after climbing a steep cliff , she took a perfect instagram shot of a tide pool .
the sky started getting darker around her and she decided to call it a day .
not before taking one last shot of the murky waters .
the coastal wildlife was diverse and beautiful .
reaching the top gave us a spectacular view of the ocean .
the sound of crashing waves was very relaxing .
the waves threw up fantastic amounts of spray .
the impression on this rock looked a bit like a sea turtle shell .
[female] went on a hike to the beach .
we stopped and looked at these beautiful flowers .
check out this awesome view from the top !
as we got closer to the bottom , you could really see the waves .
we finally made it ! time to relax !
while it may not look it , mom was very excited to visit the coast for the first time .
the welcoming lavender was the first thing she saw . this is one of her favorite plants .
the view as at above the tidal pools . she was a little bit worried about how far it looked .
but she made it . she commented on how nice it was to feel the breeze .
she was amazed at how big the ocean seemed . she also loved hearing the crashing of the waves .
we went to the wrong store for tractors .
the first and second tractors were good for the job .
the black tractor was the most efficient .
we bought the black tractor after a consultation .
we brought it home to be put to work .
so we got a new tractor at work today .
the scoop is way bigger than our old one .
the tires are really large .
and , its a lamborghini !
here it is from the back hauling our green machine .
i did n't realize there was such a thing as a lamborghini forklift , but i got the chance to drive one the other day .
it looked more or less like a regular forklift .
i guess it was a little more attractive .
now that i think of it , it was pretty sleek and stylish .
to top it off , it appears to get the job done .
i was shocked to discover this company makes more than fancy sports cars .
they make tractors as well . i did n't think anyone would believe me without the photos .
here 's proof that a lamborghini tractor is real .
this is for the most stylish contractor or wealthiest farmer .
actually it looks no different than a [male] deere .
i 'm a lamborghini . not a sports car lambo , a true lambo on the farm .
my speed is unparalleled . i have my trailer for extra company when i smoke everyone else .
as you can see from my tires , i do a lot of work . dirty work .
did i mention i also have a nice bucket ? other tractors wish they could dig as good as me .
my favorite part of the job is burning my rubber in fresh dirt . i love the feel of dirt in my wheels .
my friend , [female] , is upset about going out into the snow .
[female] and her friend , looking to buy food for our party tonight .
some of my friends wearing location hats and singing the carol .
one of my friends , [male] , walking very fast , late at night , in the park .
[female] still taking a late nap in the morning .
[female] was having a distressing day .
her pal [male] had an idea .
they all put on silly santa hats .
[female] twirled and twirled .
she felt better already .
my friend [female] came to me with a desperate plea for help .
she said she needed me and [male] to help her with a secret mission .
we were going to be location 's helpers , distributing holiday gifts to needy children .
we spent the whole evening deliver toys and food boxes .
helping others makes you feel great !
a group of friends and i decided to have a little fun over our christmas break .
some of my friends do n't enjoy having their picture taken .
but others do , especially when they 're wearing awesome santa hats with blonde pigtails .
we had a lot of fun moment dancing in the street and being silly with each other
by the end of the night we were so tired that we eventually passed out where we fell
it 's christmas holiday and my friend said she needed to get out of the house and wanted to go have fun !
we all went out to find something fun to do .
we donned some hats to celebrate the season .
she felt a little tipsy and was dancing .
finally , we needed a break from the festivities and decided to sit down .
one day i took a long walk through the town to see an old lighthouse that had caught my eye . i knew it was by a grouping of trees .
on my way there i walked along the beach , which had few people around due to the colder weather .
having gotten to the lighthouse , i admired its stripes from the outside first before venturing inside .
i climbed the stairs to the top , where i could view the huge light . it had so many mechanisms associated with it , i could barely understand how it turned on and off .
on my way out , i noticed some signs plastered around the building ; their age indicated how long they had been up . it was an interesting day .
the beach is a fun and safe place to vacation .
the safety of the beach and boats is provided by a light house .
the lighthouse has a enormous light to warn ships about the coastline .
the infrastructure is evenness and important .
this plaque details important information about the lighthouse .
we arrived at sunset and were so excited by our upcoming day .
the beach was so nice to visit .
there was also an old lighthouse .
we explored the inside of it .
it was so amazing seeing the history of the beach .
i went on a trip up the shore and saw some crazy trees .
i walked on the beach with a few people i met and observed them .
nearby was a large lighthouse that i could go in to .
at the top was an enormous light .
nearby was a sign explaining what the light house was and what it did .
there is a lot of trees on a cloudy day .
there is a pretty beach scene on a partly cloudy day .
there is a red and white building with trees on each side .
a big metal part is in a building .
a sign is posted inside a building .
friends assembling on an out door trip .
the architecture was stunning in the city center .
we enjoyed a rest at a book store .
we then went back to the beach to take in the view .
there was many interesting natural items to observe .
the [male] family decided to take a trip around location .
they traveled the gray ocean for many days .
one of their stops was a little island off the location coast .
the beach was cold and gray just like everything else during their trip .
they concluded their day with a stay in a famously haunted hotel in town .
we arrived as early as we could .
our hotel looked straight from the pages of a book .
the people in town were so kind as to show us around .
we finally found our way to the beach .
it was such a nice day .
a group of friends and i decided to take the day and explore around town .
we saw a beautiful building out by the water . it was the prettiest colors of blue
this is us sitting at a library reading some interested books about knitting .
the walk on the beach was my favorite part . the sand in my toes felt great .
my friends also enjoyed the beach the most . they said it was their favorite spot .
friends gather around for a lasting photograph .
picture of the hotel we are staying in .
two friend sit together and read magazines .
standing alone on a sandy coastline .
two people gaze at what the tide left behind .
it was a very cold day for the hiking tour we scheduled .
there were so many people that , we could n't reschedule .
no one likes to miss out on this adventure . it was really a difficult hike .
we were all out of breath when we reached the top .
but the location of our break , was pretty unique and beautiful .
we met before planning and departing .
the fields were vast and green .
we stumbled across the rocky section .
the scenery by the rocks were beautiful .
there was so much space to explore .
my family hired a guide to take us on a hike near the ocean .
we walked together through the meadow heading down the hill .
we stumbled together over a field strewn with boulders .
we rested after walking through the boulders and listened to the guide speak about how they got there .
finally , we walked down the rocky shore along the beach .
our biology team went out to the coast today , to get some samples .
we had to hike through a bunch of grass .
then we had to climb through a bunch of boulders .
once we arrived , the lead investigator explained what we should be on the lookout for .
finally , we all went to work , investigating the area !
friends gather around the guide and listen to instructions .
the first part of the journey is through the hills .
reaching the real reason for the trip , rock climbing .
listening to the guide as the group takes a break .
exploring the rocks with our guide helping us .
here we are trying to warm up . not ready for this guided hike !
we chatted with the other members from the tour .
if this view was n't so incredible , i would have just skipped it .
pictures do not do this place any justice . you need to see with your own eyes !
check out the rocks . look closely and you will see .
we gathered before taking our hike .
we all decided what direction to go .
first , my team stumbled on the ocean .
the two partners both wore jackets .
i rubbed my arm on the cave wall .
our family recently took a tour of location location location .
we got instructions from our guide before we started .
the scenery was breathtaking .
the area is so rugged and wild .
out guide explained different rock formations to us .
a team of retired geologists went on a morning hike .
they were describing where they were going to hike and look for minerals .
one of the geologists saw this beautiful view of the beach and wanted to take a picture to frame in her living room .
she took a picture of this side for another picture in her living room .
the geologists found a nice mineral with interesting lines in it to study .
our trip to the old country was fantastic .
the tour was very interesting and we met a lot of new people .
the view of the water was amazing .
you could see for miles from where the tour took us .
it was a very beautiful trip and we saw many things .
a day at winery in the valley !
this is where the wine is actually made .
let 's just say ... hope there 's not an earthquake .
the endless acres of vineyards were both beautiful and peaceful .
and afterwards we enjoyed a leisurely walk on the beach with a couple of glasses of our own .
this is the beautiful photo i took of the house from vacation
here is a view of the backyard . is n't that a lovely place ?
some folks we met along the way
this is the courtyard photo where we had a nice brunch
the ocean below the cliffs on our bus trip around the island
it was going to be a fine day , they were on their way to a winery !
they gazed at it from a distance , it was amazing .
they came upon this sign and were very frightened . there had been an earthquake warning .
so they decided to get out of there and head to somewhere a little safer .
they arrived at a beach .
we went on a trip overseas .
we saw some beautiful architecture .
it also warned us about earthquakes .
we took a trip through the countryside .
we went to the oceanside as well .
we visited the hop kiln winery .
this was what the building looked like .
this is a warning sign in case an earthquake appears .
later , we visited [male] bynum winery .
lastly , we enjoyed our drinks on the beach .
[female] decided that her wedding would take place in location even though it was really expensive .
[female] and her husband had a beachside wedding despite the swarming mosquitos .
at the reception , the air-conditioning unit broke down and everyone sat there pissed .
finally , not being able to take the heat , everyone decided to head outside and finish the party in the gardens .
the next day , [female] 's grandfather hit the beach and forget about the prior day .
we watched the brides father walk her down the aisle .
the whole family was together for the wedding from the youngest to the oldest .
everyone was gathered together for the wedding ceremony .
the ceremony was beautiful as we celebrated the newly weds .
we ended the day having a celebratory meal after the ceremony .
my son and daughter-in-law got married in location this past [female] .
it was a beautiful oceanside ceremony , complete with hawaiian music .
we were blessed that my parents were able to travel to attend the event .
even my son 's best friend came to be a part of the festivities .
dad loved the beaches and the beautiful weather . location !
my cousin got married in location and flew the whole family in for the wedding .
he and his bride took their vows next to the water in an outdoor wedding .
my grandparents sat at their table and held court .
at the end of the night , i plopped myself down with my lei around my neck .
the next day , my grandfather was up early walking down the beach .
we all got together to enjoy our cousins wedding .
after 4 years of dating , they finally took the plunge .
grandma and grandma were thrilled and kept talking about babies over dinner .
my brother had a little too much to drink and after dinner we found him sitting on the curb .
we were so glad we all got to spend the weekend at the beach celebrating their love .
the view from the balcony of the resort .
this is what the amazing resort looked like .
after a long walk , i was able to see the whole building .
this view shows the expansiveness of the resort .
review my pictures ion my phone showed the fun had that day .
we planned our day with a lovely view .
the homes were in a distant neighborhood .
we drove closer to inspect the homes .
i did not realize how large of a complex it was .
i took a picture in despair .
we have such a beatiful view !
the country side is magical .
this like a modern day castle !
another great view of our castle .
no phone service way out here ! haha !
on the balcony watching the sea .
a new housing development in the neighborhood .
large new home were built across the way .
a new set of condos were just built in the neighborhood .
checking out the text message in the gazebo .
this was the view from our hotel this morning .
our hotel was designed in an old fashioned way .
this was what it looked like from afar as it was very isolated .
even though it was isolated , it was very large and occupied .
i ended up looking on my phone for places to eat nearby .
the bike race was about to begin !
charlie took the lead for his yellow team
he then fell back between the pack
charlie closed in on the lead
and he finally took the lead to win the race !
the racers started their practice laps before the actual race began .
the announcers cued the bikers to take their marks .
and they were off !
[male] robinson was in first place for the most part .
robinson ended up finishing first that day .
after months of training race day was finally here !
we started out pretty calm , after all this was a lot of laps on the track .
then the paceline started picking up . i was struggling to keep up , seems like everyone came to do this .
the finally few laps began and there was only the two of us !
giving everything i had i caught him on the line and took home the win .
these men are on a panel for the cause of organization .
cyclists come together and ride in support of this event .
they all care about what is being directed towards the people .
they are well covered and protected with helmets and other things needed for safety .
the day goes well , in the end everyone is satisfied with the outcome .
there was a championship bike race today .
the judges were handpicked from professional racers .
the participants rode as hard as they could .
the race was close , but only one person could win .
after the race , the winner posed for a photo .
i attended an over the road bike race last month .
my little sister and brother tagged along with me .
they quickly found folks closer to their age to hang out with .
when it was time to race , the racers and bikes were staged at the starting line .
the starters pistol was fired and away they went !
yes , let 's hoist a glass and toast the favorite , [male] !
pitted against team beerizon ... : )
what the heck -- let 's lift a glass and toast them all !
and , the pack comes into view .
and [male] sprints to take the victory !
this is the venue in which the activity will take place .
a young woman and man in shades are posing in front of the camera .
friends have gathered together and are waiting for the event to begin .
the participants are getting set for the race to begin .
they are off and running as they cycle down the street in front of onlookers .
a group of women gather together to watch the race .
two kids talk about the event .
a pack of people are sitting on the bleachers .
the bikes race past .
the man in the green wins .
it was the yearly beer convention in location .
tons of people , young and old arrived , to hang out , drink beer , and participate in the drunk bike race .
people got together , with their drinks , ready to devise a plan .
after the first drinks were consumed , the bikers were off .
they looked steady now , but after 10 more drinks , who knows what will happen ?
many avid cyclists showed up for the conference .
there were lots of speeches with visuals throughout the day .
many informational flyers for available for those attending .
lots of shops had set up stands , selling their merchandise .
the man was excited to be there and connect with others enthusiastic about the sport .
we all parked out bikes out front of the bar .
the restaurant we all met at was very dark but comfortable .
getting a chance to brush up on bicycle maintenance was greatly appreciated .
afterwards we looked at all the merchandise that they had to offer .
the ride home from the conference was very chilly .
since i 've moved to the big city i 've started the culture of it . riding around on my beater bike and going to clubs .
i 'm learning how to pain and restore my own frame .
plenty of instructions and flyers for races . wish i brought a binder .
some t-shirts and stuff too . i like this place so i bought one .
this was me next to a load of pictures .
people are riding to their events on bicycles these days .
inside the event is pleasantly dim and makes the mood right .
there is a cause being celebrated today .
they are selling all kinds of goods .
a man decided to take a picture at the event .
yesterday we rode out bikes around the city .
we stopped at a bicycle club to hang out for awhile .
they were giving out flyers promoting an upcoming race .
they had some free shirts and apparel as well .
i took a picture of myself to commemorate the day .
the anticipation was high at the start of the yukon quest international sled dog race .
perhaps it was the dogs who were most excited to get the race started .
there were dogs of different varieties , who thrived working together as a team .
one by one , each participant was pulled by .
the dogs were faithful all the way until the finish !
we all arrived early for the international sled dog race .
my brother participated in the event for the third time .
i also had a friend participating in the event and he was going fast .
these dogs were worn out but they gave it their all .
the fastest group went last and was really amazing to watch .
the people are gathered to see a dog sled race .
this man is ready to race and is waving with sheer joy and excitement .
the next racer also looks ready for the race .
the dogs are in formation and starting a slow run .
the dogs are building momentum .
there was a sled dog race held .
there were some very famous participants at the race .
number 4 was favored to win .
his dogs pulled their hearts out all day long .
at the end of the day , they still had tons of energy though !
it was the day of the 2010 organization organization , and the racer 's were getting their dogs ready to begin .
the horn sounded and the race began .
the dogs quickly pulled away from the start line .
number 12 's team quickly pulled into the lead .
however , the sure and steady paws of the dogs in team # 19 led their team to victory .
everybody had a great time racing in the snow .
many people brought their bikes to race in the snow .
some went very low in the corners .
some too low .
other people brought different vehicles too .
it was the day of the big motorbike-snow race , and # 24 was in the lead .
# 55 and # 381 were bringing up the rear .
when rounding a corner , # 24 was passed by another biker .
being passed caused # 24 quite a bit of distress and he bobbled .
unfortunately , his bobble turned into a full-fledged crash , and he ended up losing the race .
these men are outside bike racing in the snow .
they want to race and see who can go the fastest .
no one knows who will win until the end .
it`s all in good fun to watch and be apart of these events .
usually four or five people will race eachother .
this was when we went to the ice track race in location last winter .
handling a bike on ice is always a little sketchy , but most of these guys were pretty good .
then came that corner i had been worried about .
i started to loose control .
i could n't quite hold on . thankfully i 'm ok. maybe next year .
there was motorcycle race held yesterday .
it was snowy outside , so people were sliding around corners .
they were sliding so hard things got pretty dangerous .
some people even crashed !
after the motorcycle race , some people brought out atvs .
as we were all waiting to start our race it started to drizzle rain .
then the starting gun went off and we were on our way .
[male] and miles rolling along on the wet pavement .
finally a few riders started crossing the finish line wet and exausted !
we finished about 20 minutes behind the first riders done . it was still very much an accomplishment .
the group of bikers were gathered and ready at the start line .
they began the race . the day was cloudy , but all hoped the rain would hold off .
at the checkpoint everyone rested and prepared to finish the race .
unfortunately the rain did begin to fall . the bikers kept going .
finally , the finish line was in sight .
the cyclists are gathering for a supportive task .
they are so dedicated to this event , that they will even ride in the rain
they stop for a break and rally around each other .
they start riding again , it looks like its raining harder .
they have arrived at the end of the race .
a large bike race was held yesterday .
quite a few people were there to race .
even though it was raining , people still had a great time .
there were plenty of people on the sidelines cheering everyone on .
at the end of the race , we took a picture to remember the day .
my fellow racers and i gathered round on a very dark and dreary sunday .
at the signaled start , we steadily peddled up the long hill .
the hill seemed never ending as the rain started coming down harder .
we finally crested the major hill and waited for the signal that it was alright to cross the busy intersection .
the push towards the finish line included one final hill ; i was ecstatic when this difficult race was over .
there was a bike race and we decided to cheer a friend on !
we brought a camera to take photos of them as they rode by .
after the race , she joined us for some chat .
our daughter was more interested in playing with the water hose though .
we watched her get into mischief , laughing at her playful antics !
the spectators are lined up to watch the marathon .
the bike riders were ready to start .
this bike rider was not abiding by the rules of the marathon .
the marathon was a little disorganized .
towards the end of the marathon the riders were just freestyling .
an olympic quality bicycle race was held in town last week .
many people crowded the sidewalk to get photographs of the racers .
a fun aspect was getting to mingle with the athletes between races .
it was a hot day so fans were encouraged to spray the cyclists as they sped by .
not all of the participants were happy to be soaked and scolded those with big hoses .
they cyclists are preparing to turn the corner , and hopefully none of them fall .
i am on the sideline , trying to take pictures , but i am instead getting my picture taken
my family and friends are waiting for the cyclists to pass as well .
my daughter is enjoying her day outside playing in her rainboots .
we are all looking with concern as one of the cyclist fell .
a bike race starts with all the racers lined up .
a woman gives an interview to the news reporter .
there is a group of people lining the streets .
a little girl in pink watches the race .
the bikers finish up and watch the remaining ones .
i watched my cousin mohammed participate in his first triathlon .
i was amazed to see all the men running with their bicycles as if they didnt understand how they worked .
my other cousin , [male] was also participating in the triathlon . as he rounded a corner he nearly fell off his bike .
he righted himself and sped up , pulling away from the crowd .
[male] finished first , and much to mohammed 's shame , he finished in last place .
it was race day for two very nervous men .
the man in orange got on his bike , determined to beat the favored winner : the man in green .
the man in green was determined not to let his fans down and pushed hard to win .
the man in orange saw the man in green up ahead and pushed and pushed and pushed himself to reach his competitor .
sadly , in the end , though , he was never able to reach the man in green , and the man in green won the race while the man in orange came in second .
the competitors all walked to the competition early , carrying their bikes .
the red team began to warm up and did a practice run .
by the time the green team came along , the competition was in full force .
orange trailed closely behind .
ultimately , the green team pulled out ahead and won the race shortly ahead of orange .
me and my friend were getting ready for a big cycling race .
here i am , keeping my lead over everybody else . i practiced really hard for this event .
my friend gave me quite a challenge !
i was determined to keep my lead though .
my friend wound up passing me and winning ! i am happy he won , and will train harder for next year .
bike races usually involve staying on your bike the whole time .
but in this muddy contest , finishing quickly meant carrying the bike at times .
getting on and off the bike in the mud could also be a challenge .
it was n't easy .
the competition was intense .
the dirt terrain is always one of the most challenging parts of the race .
this racer was having a hard time guiding her bike out of the mud .
here 's another racer climbing back onto his bike after falling off .
only few racers prevailed in the mud terrain .
those who failed to prevail were disappointed .
[male] is riding in his bike race today .
[male] gets encouragement from his dad on looking him in the race .
[male] the gets his bike stuck in some mud so he has to get off his bike .
getting back on his bike he tries to peddle through the mud .
finally out of the mud henry finishes the race i first place .
now that the fall is here we finally get to see some cyclocross again !
at the race we marvel how riders just get up from spills like nothing happened .
they mount , dismount , jump an obstacle in one fluid motion .
sports are always more fun in the mud . cyclocross not excluded .
great finish for all the athletes who tried so hard .
one day while cycling at an event , something did not quite feel right .
i felt something pop in my leg and had to get off the bike .
i limped back to a medic .
my leg was in bad shape . i think i pulled a muscle .
after a year , i felt like i was ok to cycle again and started competing again .
it was time for the great bike race .
there were many racers there all wanting the same thing .
there were some parts that were tricky to ride through because of the mud .
it was a very close race down to the end .
i got 2nd place in the race .
my wife latonisha woke up early , excited for her race .
her best friend , dr. mcgillicuddy come over and joined her as they prepared for the race .
i wore my favorite outfit of a straw hat and some kind of straw hat and my favorite dress shirt .
while watching the race , i noticed my boss jiles running by . boy did he look silly !
after the race , latonisha was exhausted , but she managed to make it to the end of the 5k .
before we did the race for organization , we attended a store to pick up some toys .
i talked with my friend about how long the race was and if i would be able to finish it .
the man who organized the event was in organization form with a cool costume .
my friend dressed up as buzz lightyear and did well in the race .
my other friend went as woody and was one of the last people to finish .
this woman is very happy and excited . she is here for a race-day event with lots of extra fun .
she is so surprised to see her best friend at the same race-day event that she is at .
one of the races involves a costume race . this guy is the mc of the race to get everyone motivated and in a good mood .
oh no , it looks like her husband , woody , is in the lead . pretty good for a toy .
now that the race is over , it is time to sit down and contemplate how she did .
[female] mouse figurines dot the organization organization .
who loves organization more ? me , no , me !
on your marks , get set ...
go ! buzz lightyear takes the lead .
woody brings up the rear with the rest of the toys ... er , um , racers .
[female] mouse is hanging out waiting for you to take her home .
the two women are talking deciding what to do for the day .
the man is at his job as a street performer .
the man runs in the marathon in his buzz light year costume .
woody is in the front of the racers .
the bike ride began with the sun rising toward the sky 's peak .
occasionally , another biker would pass by .
it was nice to enjoy a rest break with a fellow rider .
the beautiful scenery was just another perk of the ride .
when the ride was complete , a cool beer was deserved as a reward !
i live up in the mountains . it 's a beautiful place !
i love riding my bike , even though i have to do a lot of up hill riding , which is hard work .
it can get really hot when the sun beats down on you .
i am happy when i get to my destination .
i get a cold drink and feel refreshed . all that biking is hard work .
got to the west coast this week in preparation for my big event .
we are getting some last minute training in . love the fresh air .
great photo ops too . hills may be tough for riding but can 's argue with the view .
also the serine coast line was amazing .
always end your days with a recovery beer though .
it was a beautiful , [female] day out . so we decided , as a family , to have a bike ride .
riding with the trees and shade over us was a pretty sight .
so was riding with the sky in all it 's beauty .
we made a pit stop at this small restaurant we 've heard about on the internet .
it 's called `` classic brewery burger '' . they 're suppose to have the best burgers in the entire state ! we shall see . it 's been a great day already .
among this beautiful scenery is a group of bikers enjoying a ride .
a small group of them got ahead of the others so they took their time waiting to catch up .
it was a sunny and bright day great for a bike ride .
they decided that they would all meet at nearby pub .
at the end of their ride they each had some beer to re hydrate .
some cookies to start off race day .
the gang getting ready to ride in the charity race .
the racers all lined up and ready to go .
some fresh corn we picked up for after the race .
[male] regains his energy after flying through the race course .
bike marathon today through the city . he looks pumped and ready to go .
spotter on the roof in case the bikers need help . looks like a sniper..haha .
bikers have all made it back and time to eat before the awards ceremony .
all the bikers gathered for the photo . they look tired .
champagne to celebrate . great day for all .
today was the annual bike race . it was one of my favorite events of the years .
the sky was so beautiful today . i loved it .
of course we had to stop and get some fuel to make sure we made it through the race .
everyone there had a blast and felt so proud of themselves .
i was even awarded ! it was a beautiful day .
[male] knew he had a big day ahead of him and was disappointed when he only had cookies and orange juice for breakfast .
at the start of his big day was a triathlon with his friends .
after the bike portion of the race , [male] had to run laps on foot . he knew that his breakfast did n't provide him with enough energy .
so during the foot race he plucked and ate rows of corn .
full from all the corn and tired from the triathlon , [male] did n't complete the race and instead fell asleep before it ended .
the food was ready .
bikers were waiting for the marathon to begin .
they stretched before the race .
corn was in a box .
they slept waiting for the bikers to return .
it was a cold and snowy day when the bike road race started . all of the bicycle riders were all riding in a group when the race started .
as the race went on , this racer in green was separating himself from the pack of riders .
this bicycle racer in blue gained momentum during the race . he slowly but surely passed all of the other racers .
the racer dressed in blue seemed to have the race won . he 's looking back to see where his competition is . but he was getting tired .
as the finish line approached , the racer dressed in green overtook the racer dressed in blue and won the race !
the snow bike race was about to begin
they were off riding fast and hard
some had trouble with the course
others had more trouble
and finally the winner cruises across the line
cross season is in full swing .
i love racing through the crisp cold air .
bike handling over the snow always makes for some extra challenges .
all the while trying to fend of competitors .
good thing we practice so much and manage to stay up .
it was the day of the big race and a crowd had gathered .
[male] was excited this was his first race since he tore a muscle last summer .
[male] , the reigning champion , was not going to give up his throne easily .
around the last bend [male] was quickly gaining on [male] determined to win .
however , [male] was unable to finish the race .
the city wide bike race draws bikers from all over every year .
some take it very seriously with coordinated outfits .
they train all year for this moment .
by the end they usually have to dig deep to make it to the finish .
sometimes they simply have to stop and take a break , potentially costing them the win .
i was excited for the bike race and had been preparing for weeks .
at first i started out slow and the others pulled out in the lead .
but , i quickly caught up .
my rival was not happy when i won .
however , the celebration afterwards put everyone in a good mood again .
went went downtown to watch the biggest bike race of the year for our town .
before the race i checked out all the cool coins put in the concrete .
my friend was not amused when i snapped a shot of him trying to watch the race .
the bikers were fierce in their quest to the finish and did everything they could to win .
the winning biker in orange chatted with the second place finisher after the race .
just before the race a fan ask for an autograph .
as you can see there was a lot of tight racing .
after a hard day of racing racers cruised to finish line talking to each other .
a fan watches as they come to the finish line waiting to see his favorite racer .
the team award was presented and the crowd was larger than anticipated .
before the race , some of the more famous bikers stopped to sign autographs .
the race started and people of all ages were competing
people were cheering from the sidelines as it continued .
we were able to get a picture of my son enjoying the race .
this was the celebration after , it was so much fun .
the biker autographed a fans helmet .
as he was autographing the helmet two other bikers raced by .
the race was getting serious as another group of bikers made their way toward the finish line .
this man on the sidelines watched anxiously as this happened .
finally a winner was chosen and everyone in the crowd cheered .
the race was about to begin
all the riders were nearly ready to set off
and they were off and rounding the corners hard
the winner cruises to victory
he gloats to the fans because he knows hes the man
it was the big race .
he was going really fast .
the teams were lined up .
everyone looked really lame in their sunglasses .
this guy brought up the rear .
the day of the bike race was crowded with both competitors and onlookers .
we started with a large number of teams and individual racers .
near the middle of the race , i worked my way into the lead .
despite my best efforts , i was unable to maintain the lead as the race went on .
by the end , the rest of the pack caught up with me and i finished in fifth place .
the race started with all the riders in the peloton .
the racing teams group together to get their racers in position .
the cyclists spread out as the race rounded a curve .
the winner cools off by taking a drink of cool water .
time to take it easy and rest up for tomorrow .
the race begins .
as the race continues , some riders separate from the crowd .
a bicyclist rounds the curve .
a bicyclist acknowledges the crowd that has come out in support .
a bicyclist continues on riding towards the finish line .
minibikes were becoming a popular fad in the inner city .
loved by children and adults , many had gathered to share their love of minibikes .
although the poverty stricken city was known for crime , on this day many were ready to make a positive change .
even those who normally did n't try and help out the community were their because of their passion for minibikes .
outside of a run down building , many bikes laid on the ground while the owners were inside , trying to renovate the old building into something useful .
everyone getting ready for the start of the race .
mothers , fathers and children all take part in this fun bike race .
friends and family stand by the watch as they bear the finish line .
they bike mostly for fun , everyone is a winner in this race .
all these bikes were left outside after the race was over .
what a bike race this was destined to be .
adults on tiny bikes pulling mini trailers
we rode past a wall of graffiti .
and decided to stop and take a look around .
once the race was finished we just abandoned our bikes and slept .
our family decided to participate in a bicycle fun run .
we had a little trailer for our son to ride behind one of the bikes .
it was a sunny day , and lots of people came out to watch the race .
by the time we finished , it had almost gotten dark , and we were quite tired .
when we were done , we were so tired we just abandoned all the bikes .
they group prepares to ride their bikes .
the adults ride first .
they begin to have a race with the crown egging them on .
the adults ride even after the sun sets .
afterwards , the bikes are returned for a maintenance inspection .
there was a winter bike race today
the snow made it tough to compete
it was very muddy but bikers tried to press on
it was very slippery
lots of people were there to show support
the cyclists were ready to start the race .
they were all determined to win .
but superman took the lead as the rounded the corner .
so one contestant decided to take a shortcut .
but the host found out and instructed him to get back on the course .
bike riding in the cold is something i enjoy doing .
you can a mix of cold from the weather with heat from your body movements .
i love to compete also . this was my first race and i had practiced for this for a long time .
it was a great experience and i hope to do it again .
next time i 'll practice a little harder and be a little better .
today was the day of the bike race entered . it was cold and snowy .
the race began and i tried my best to get first place .
i was passing up people left and right .
it was the last lap , and i only had one person in front of me .
luckily i was able to pass him up and take first place . it was a great race and i am glad i won .
challenging bike race for everyone . he
it was a little icy , which made the race more fun .
it was a very competitive race .
the crowd cheered everyone on .
the winner of the race , he had an incredible time .
a bike race is about to begin .
the riders are riding really hard to win .
two men on motorcycles with no respect for authority come and ruin the race .
[male] flips off the intruders who messed up the race .
the two guys who ruined the race smile at their achievement .
everyone trains very hard for the race .
watching the finish line .
everyone anxious to see who is going to win .
winner !
both racers were very tired after .
my friend and i raced bikes in all different forms .
sometimes these bikes are self powered .
other times , we require a little help from some gas .
once in a while , we also require the use of a middle finger .
whatever the form of bike or communication , our activities help us to remain the best of friends .
before the bike race , we checked out all of the competition .
we were both nervous as the race started , but eager to get going .
during the race , we stayed close together , and even held hands at times .
the guy who won was a real jerk . he gave us the finger after winning .
we did n't care , as we had fun anyway .
the bikers wait for the announcement about who had won the race .
some stragglers in the race cross the finish line .
last of all two men on motorcycles bring up the rear .
one of the people who entered the race is not very happy with coming in last .
the two winners pose for a quick picture .
brand new racing bikes lined up .
the bikes are almost done being prepared for use .
they also let you use a helmet .
the people riding motorcycles finished first .
the people on bicycles finished last .
[male] was excited for the big race , as he was one of the race monitors that year .
the race began and bicyclists paced themselves , as they knew they had a long day ahead of them .
fellow race monitors , [male] and [male] rode behind the main pack of bicyclists .
the second major pack of riders passed a particularly friendly group of fans , and they took notice by giving a smile as they passed by .
at the end of the race , [male] and [male] were the final monitors to cross the finish line .
these are the motor bikes that will move throughout the field moving race officials about .
they are being checked to make sure they are ready to go .
here is the helmet for the drivers of the motor bikes .
here you see the motor bikes as the speed ahead of the racers approaching the finish line .
here are the racers finishing the race just behind the motor bikes .
the blue race bikes are lined up waiting for riders .
these bikes and riders will provide a clear path for bicylists during the race .
the crown logo on the bike shows that this is an official bike .
bikers are providing a clear path for bicylists .
bicylist participants are begining to pass through checkpoints .
motorcycles are lined up for the race .
the riders check their bikes to make sure they 'll be ready for the start of the race .
a bike has a logo of the race sprayed on .
the race begins with the motorcycles following bikers from behind .
the bicyclists ride in confidence knowing the motorcycles are behind them .
the crowds have assembled in the building for the big race
the cyclists prepare on the track .
and they 're off !
a bunch of cyclists enter the lead at once .
but one cyclist breaks away for the ultimate victory .
it was cycling day here at the track .
the track officials anxiously made sure that everything on the race track was in order for a great race .
once the track was deemed to be fit to race on , the cyclists lined up for the start of the race .
of they went in tight pack !
until the faster ones started leading while the slower ones fell behind .
the competitors arrived at the arena early in the morning .
they all lined up and prepared to race .
initially , they proceeded single file , waiting to strike and act .
towards the end , the pack closed in together .
but one competitor pulled ahead , and ultimately won the competition .
the building where the bike race was going to be held was quite beautiful .
before the race , lots of people lined up to watch .
the cyclists were going so fast !
i could n't figure out how they did n't knock each other down .
one cyclist got out front , and we were rooting for him .
its night time but the bicycle race is about to begin .
the crowd is gathered around the track anxious to see the racers .
the racers are in line going around the track as quickly as they can .
a group of the racers are clustered together all working as hard as they can .
the winner leads the pack in victory .
our cycling club spent another saturday at the track .
we first warmed up .
we then raced around the track a number of times .
some of us needed a break afterwards and sat on the grass .
lastly , we lined up for refreshments .
here we are preparing for the big bike race today .
there was even a dj to pump us all up .
the race was tight , this corner was one of the tightest ones .
unfortunately some people wiped out but no serious injuries .
however in the end we all had a great time at the race !
dj is spinning tracks at the cycling race .
one bike rider is getting ready to race while the other one is sitting down and relaxing .
the race has started and all the bicycler 's are racing on the track .
one bicycler is fatigued and dropped out of the competition .
a few of the bicycler 's have gathered together and reached a rest point .
the 22nd bike marathon started with awesome music from a famous dj .
many athletes practice their starting positions anticipating a tough race .
the starter pistol fired and we were off . the turns were tight and many muscled their way through the obstacles .
some of the newbies and older folks decided to call it an early day and fell short of the finishing time .
we greeted our supportive family , friends , and fans after completing the 22nd bike marathon .
a man controls the music at the bike race .
the bikes are lining up for the race .
they race on the road in a line .
one of the bikers is very tired and takes a break .
he bikers pose for a photo .
[male] bought a new boat and could n't wait to get it in the water .
when he got to the dock it was crowded with lots of other boats .
[male] got the boat prepared to set sail on it 's maiden voyage .
he finally got the boat ready and set sail for the open seas .
[male] sailed all day long and enjoyed his new boat immensely .
i went to the dock last weekend .
there were a lot of boats there .
i bought one of them .
it was a sailboat .
i ca n't wait to use it .
this owner was trying to fix his boat .
there were many docks at the shore .
some boats were missing their rafts .
this boat still needed to get fixed .
this boat owner was finally able to fix up his senso boat .
back in the day when pirates ruled the sea , the senso was the most feared pirate ship .
they pirated many ships and always came out victorious .
no one dared to cross paths with them .
but the crew soon began to age .
after taking control of 5 ships they decided to call it quits . most of the crew are now actors .
the pier was beautiful today .
i took a trip out on my boat .
the other boats were a lot smaller than mine .
i thought the weather was a little too overcast .
my boat sat proudly in the water as i left .
it was a beautiful sunny day
jennifer wanted to go to the weird park outside of her house
there was odd shapes and designs
she even got on her bike to go see her boyfriend jeff
she finally arrived to jeff and was all happy to see him
today i 'm going to bike around the city .
here i go !
we stopped at this mural .
and also at this bridge .
tired after biking today .
i found an old bike in a junkyard .
the junkyard was large , full of many objects long discarded by society .
some of the objects were even unique and artistic .
one day , while riding my junkyard bike in the park ,
i met someone else who was also interested in old junk . now we 're dating .
we decided to go on a cycling adventure .
i put on my helmet and got on my bike .
we visited an old park .
we rode across the countryside along the river .
after the ride was over , we rested on a bench .
our bike looks a little old , but it gets us where we want to go .
here i am , riding to the local park .
i love this cool structure at the park . i always pose by it for a picture .
on the way back , my boyfriend and i passed the old stone bridge .
when we were done riding , we sat down to pose for a picture , sweaty and happy !
the men were participating in an off-road bike race .
the course was difficult and very rough .
the first person to make it to the finish line was number 36 .
number 8 was not too far behind in second place .
the course proved to be a tough challenge and left the bikers extremely muddy .
my friends and i decided to attend a dirt bike racing competition .
one of the top competitors looked on in frustration .
a man covered in dirt was not sure how he lost the race .
the riders went as hard as they could and were very impressive with their turns .
around the home stretch the man in blue ended up winning the race .
the day of the mountain bike race was muddy .
everyone was cold , tired ,
and extremely dehydrated from the weather .
despite all this , everyone knew they had to give it their all to win .
the race was fierce , but i ended up winning in the end .
some friends and i decided to participate in a bike race in the park .
my friend [male] is quite the biker , like a real racer !
i 'm not as good , but i 'm proud of my riding anyway .
[male] was the winner of the race !
however , he certainly got muddy , which we all laughed over .
this was no ordinary bike race it was in the woods .
it was treacherous and a lot of uphill and downhill angles .
the winner throws their hands up in victory .
although he did n't win the second place is still very excited .
looking at their legs you can tell this was a very hard race .
a patrol car rode ahead , making sure the road was cleared for the bicycle race .
the cyclists started off the day in a large pack .
throughout the day , fewer cyclists were spotted riding together as some pulled ahead .
police on motorcycles were set up to monitor the event and aid those who might need assistance .
the end of the race proved to be very intense .
the cycling event getting started .
police are in cars to ensure safety .
also on motorcycles .
some photographers do their best to get a good shot .
the race almost over .
racing takes many different forms , but my favorite is a bike race .
the competition is often quite fierce ,
but my teammates and i know how to deal with fierce competition .
the police are always on hand to make sure the race goes smoothly .
this is sometimes hard to do when you have unexpected roadblocks .
the car drove down the street to let fans know the cyclists were on their way .
the cycle pack started to arrive .
the faces of the riders showed their intensity .
police were on hand to ensure the safety of both the riders and the spectators .
photographers put themselves in harms way to get the best shot of the cyclists .
moments before the cyclists came into town , an official race car drove by to warn everyone of the impending traffic .
a large mass of cyclists raced by , no one cyclist having any noticeable advantage .
but soon , two cyclists broke free of the group and challenged each other .
ever alert , the helpful police motorcyclist kept lookout for road traffic while awaiting the race leaders .
even the photographers got exciting shots from the cyclists racing around corners as they approached the finish inside the town .
it was a beautiful day to be otuside
they gang decided to go camping and bring their bikes
[male] was the first man out of the gate to test the trails
even though night fall came it did n't stop brian from riding his heart out
finally brian says he 's had enough and turns in for the day
when we went for the bike race , we got there early to find a good camping spot .
it was a good thing because the campsites filled up with participants fast .
the first day , i took a practice run around the course .
fortunately , the course signs were already up to tell me which ways to go .
the course took longer to complete than i expected and crossed the finish line after dark in the race .
my friends and i decided to go mountain biking for the weekend .
we pitched our tents rather quickly so we had more time to hit the trails .
i decided to take an easy route first .
the trails were long and rocky , which provided more than enough entertainment well into the night .
by the time the sun had fully gone down , my friends and i were gleefully tired .
we made it to the bike race .
we set our tents up before the race .
the race had started and there were many bikes there .
i was in first place for most of the race .
i came in 3rd place at the end , but it was well worth it .
the bikers camped out at the campground the night before the race .
they camped all around the lake .
one of the bikers towards the front is enjoying riding .
the signs around the trees lead them down the correct path .
the final biker makes his way to the finish line after dark .
she is checking everything on the bike to make sure it is working correctly .
at the starting gate everyone is getting ready for the race .
it is tough and there is a lot of competition .
here she comes zooming down the street .
at the finish line she completes a successful race .
i thought you had to wear sneakers when riding a bicycle for this race .
a shot of the first place racer .
someone else father behind tries to make up a few places .
biking downhill an be dangerous , but this cyclist is a pro .
the bikers can get up to some pretty high speeds when racing .
my bike is extremely agile .
one day , my friend and i decided to test the limitations of the frame .
to do this , we took our bikes out onto the open road .
with all the energy my muscles could muster , i tried to push the top speed of the bike , but it was too hard .
after a while , my managed to push his bike all the way to 30 mph .
there 's nothing i like much better than getting out there and taking a long bike ride .
it feels so good to be out on the open road .
i start going faster and faster , and feel like i am flying .
sometimes i barely notice the scenery , because i 'm in a zone where it 's like i am just one with the bike .
i pass people 's houses and barely even notice . it 's a great feeling .
this particular biker has special shoes and pedals on his bike .
there are tents set up on sidelines for re hydration and working on problems with bikes .
these two bikers speed past the tents .
they did n't need any assistance and they want to cross the line first .
the biker in oranges crosses the finish line .
the race about to start .
off they go !
everybody is trying hard to win .
winner !
he is very happy to have won .
i decided to head down to watch a big bike race that my friend was competing in .
the eventually winner of the competition went extremely fast around each turn .
my friend placed in the top three and got interviewed .
the winner of the race stood a bit higher after the race was finished .
the winner expressed extreme joy in winning and talked about how excited he was .
racing with the team is often difficult when trying to coordinate with a bunch of people .
on a day of the race , you have to make sure that you alone are prepared first .
if you can perform to the best of your ability , than the rest of the team will have a chance of doing well .
sometimes , however , even your best efforts are n't enough to get first place .
having a team means that you get to go through both positive and negative experiences together .
the starting line of the bike race was very , very crowded .
once we got going , it was still shoulder to shoulder .
after a while , i broke away from the crowd and got into the lead .
i realized at one special point that i was going to win this thing !
i ca n't tell you what a great feeling it was to be the winner and wear that medal !
all of the bicyclists in the race waited in anticipation to start .
after the sound of the start of the race , the bicyclists were neck in neck .
as the race progressed , the leaders moved ahead while the slower bicyclists fell behind .
the clear winner happily rode past the finish line with his hand in the air .
after the race , the winners were announced and awarded . the winner was very excited .
my brother raced in a bmx race last weekend .
he was fourth going into the first set of whoops .
after the first set of whoops , he had made his way to second .
nearly the whole field was behind him trying to catch up .
by the end of the race he was first , made podium and won some prizes .
the bmx action was exciting and high flying .
the whole family attended the event .
we watched as the skilled riders hanged in the air .
we enjoyed the athletic display by the riders .
it was a fun event to witness in person .
at the annual charity bike race , the contestants were getting ready to take off .
the contestants were prepared for a long race of hills and bumps along the track .
the crowd gathered around to cheer everyone on !
towards the finish line , the bike riders raced to see who would come in first .
at the end of the event everyone who placed received their trophies and had a great day !
the bike race is off ! let 's see who can get the win .
there is an earlier leader in [male] , he is pulling just a bit ahead over the first bump .
but everyone else is keeping up in good time !
and we 've got some great air over here , not that that counts for anything .
[male] wins ! look at him with his adoring fans .
with a shot , they were off to a great start .
some of them pulled ahead of the pack early on .
that was a great jump over the first hill .
a few of the racers are neck and neck . this race is getting exciting !
we have our winners ! they should all be proud of their hard work !
it was racing day , and we were all ready and excited .
at the mark , we paused . we were scared . `` ready ... set ... off ! ''
we biked as hard as we could , friends though we were , in that moment we were the strongest of foes .
eventually , it started to rain , but that did n't stop us . we were determined and ready .
i won , but i was n't a sore winner . immediately after getting crowned , i went and took a nice picture with my friends .
after a lot of difficult training it was finally time for the race to begin .
it took a while for the race to start which made for some tense and anxious feelings .
once it finally started , everyone pushed themselves to their limits .
once it was over , even those that did not take the top rankings were relieved that they made it through and happy for the ways they had challenged themselves .
the participants congratulated each other on a daunting task that not many have the courage to attempt .
on the day of the race , my bike team decided to wear our green jerseys .
we figured that we would be able to see each other better and the competitive crowd .
our game plan turned out to work .
since the other major team was wearing red jerseys , we stood out in the crowd .
because of our strategic thinking , we ended up taking first place .
the weather turned out to be great for race day !
all the participants were anxious to start .
the race begins and each one wants to finish first .
as they continue on the grow more tired but , also excited to near the end .
the race is over and the winner celebrates !
i entered an urban bus race with two friends recently .
we were pretty excited to be part of the race .
we stayed together during much of the race , so we could yell back and forth and encourage each other .
toward the end , we were pretty tired , but we kept going .
it was all worht it to be up there getting the flowers with my good buddies .
the girl was putting the finishing touches on her latest project .
she had worked hard for months and was almost finished on the race car .
she had invited her to take a look at her work .
she took one last look before stepping back .
it was time to take pictured of the car so she could enter the contest .
mom looked over the car to make sure everything looked good .
she did have a question about the steering wheel , so she decided to ask the best person she knew .
grandpa looked over and told mom , `` let 's ask [male] about this '' .
grandpa and mom talked with [male] about the steering issue . `` just center the steering wheel to the right a little '' , said [male] .
mom fixed the steering problem and it looks like we 'll be good for friday night 's race !
it 's always been my dream to have my own custom built mini racecar .
i went to one of the top specialists in the field of mini race car performance .
they had all kinds of fancy machinery to see how well my car was made .
they got down on the ground to really see what the problems were with my car .
in the end , the car was performing better than ever , and i was so happy with the service i got .
i took my son 's first drag racer into organization organization organization and [female] went right to work on the vehicle .
she set the wheels on rollers for easy movement .
i wandered around , checked out the equipment , and mindlessly watched her work .
as she was putting the finishing touches on the wheel alignment , she told me this racer was a thing of beauty .
after the job was completed , [female] photographed the car , so as to show her customers other samples of her work .
the engineers where putting the final touches on the new test vehicle .
she getting everything ready to go before the first testing .
[male] is waiting for the ok to start the machine .
[female] is making sure the lights are working correctly .
they stand back and start the machine . [female] and [male] admire their hard work .
racers get ready to start .
they have their trainers help them .
race started !
everyone is pedaling hard .
the top three winners of the race .
race day was always a fun day .
the officials dressed up in fun outfits to make the event more exciting .
there was lots of drama as the participants lined up with their helpers .
and then off they went in a mad dash to claim first place !
but , unfortunately only one could win , and on this particular day , [male] lilley was the one to claim the title of winner .
all of the competitors were lined up for the start of the race .
hours before this , each individual had been surrounded by a massive support team .
at the bang of a gun , the racers were off .
the race was tough and the competition was fierce ,
but in the end , i won , in part thanks to the efforts of my support team .
before the indoor bike race , we did a practice line-up at the starting line .
then we got in a big line to decide what our position at the starting line would be .
the wooden floor provided a great surface for some fast racing .
we went so fast that the bikes were just a blur !
i was thrilled to come in first in the race , followed by two of my best friends .
the cyclists were lined up and ready to go with their supporters ready to push them off .
they lined up along the blue path marking the floor with their supporters there to provide that first push of support .
and they are off ! the cyclists speed past at the start of the race . one supporter was nearly knocked off his feet .
the cyclists races around the indoor track in such a tight close group , it was hard to tell who was in the lead .
when the race was finished , the top three were awarded . they were very proud of their achievements .
my brother and i completed an obstacle course today .
the first thing we had to do was take a zip line down to the field .
after the zip line we had to climb a brick wall .
the next obstacle was a rope swing across a mud puddle .
finally we had to climb up then down a rope net before crossing the finish line .
we got to watch some soldiers train at an army base .
they did many activities , such as target practice .
they also road bikes for very long distances .
one part of the course required them to jump through tires .
the last part of the obstacle course was climbing a rope wall .
[male] and [male] were brothers . they had lots of friends .
one day , they took some of their friends zip lining . they had a great time .
they also participated in several rigorous activities , such as climbing walls .
lastly , they prepared for the most enjoyable event of them all .
the two brothers went on a rope climbing course and had the best time of their lives .
the company outing this year was at a day camp .
the employees could choose to play archery .
many wanted to go on bike rides .
and some even competed in ropes courses .
it was sure to be a bonding experience for all the employees .
a group of people gather for archery lessons .
they aim for the targets .
after archery they must race on bikes .
finally they have to climb through a tire .
last of all they have to climb a robe ladder .
look at the discipline these professional teams have : crisp and precise .
now it gets chaotic .
teams battling for best position .
leaders of the strongest teams have powered to the front .
and the winner sprints far out into the front !
my city hosted a bike race this weekend .
people came from all around to race .
the racers did a parade lap before the race started .
after the parade lap , the gloves came off and the race began .
the finish was very very close , not a bikes length between them .
everyone is getting ready for the big bicycle race
people have come from all over just to be part of the race .
it is tense at the starting line as everyone waits for the signal to start .
rounding the bend the racers are working hard to take the lead .
is this person really leading the race or is he so far behind there is no one else in site ?
all the bikers were in a row it seemed .
and they they broke apart all trying to pull ahead .
it was a blur of colors as people tried to gain the lead .
around the corner again and they get back into a line .
but [male] pulls ahead , with a good lead now !
the bicyclists are all in a line for the race .
they start to get more congested .
then even more congested .
the bicyclists round the corner .
finally bringing up the end is a motorized moped .
24 hours of racing : at the checkpoint this morning .
i could do this all day .
hitting the checkpoint at noon .
downhills are my favorite : i could do this all night !
oh yeah -- hitting the checkpoint as the sun goes down .
as the race begins we see the rider with the blue helmet .
another rider with a blue helmet and shirt start the race .
the rider with the blue shirt comes bareling down the hill .
the path is worn , but the hill is steep .
the rider with he dark shirt finishes the race .
this is a great bike trail . love to ride this path .
this ride can last for 24 hours .
there are so many trees , its like a forest wonderland .
most of the hills are made of dirt .
dirt roads can be challenging .
[male] is prepared to try out the new bike path for the race .
[male] must ride through a wooded area along the new bike path .
[male] tries the new bike path several times to make sure it is safe .
parts of the path have gotten muddy from the recent rains .
[male] reaches the beginning of the path again .
[male] was taking a casual bike ride one day .
when he happened upon a bike race .
he followed the path to see where it might go .
down the hill he came , where he started to see other people .
[male] kept riding and saw a finish line near . `` uh-oh '' he thought as he pulled up , he had just won the race !
today was the day .
everyone was here .
including this pirate .
it was a blast .
and the music was wonderful .
there were a lot of people out in the city today .
i had a great time walking around .
there were many street performers playing music .
some people were jogging .
it was a lot of fun .
we went to our town 's founder 's day parade .
people dressed up in old timey clothes .
there were folk bands .
people jogged to keep up with the parade .
others watched as it went by .
the pirate festival was in full swing .
there were so many interesting costumes .
there was even a pirate band there .
the funniest thing seen was guys to ropes like sled dogs .
they ran by very quickly .
there were many colorful things at the parade
and symbols too .
there were pirates
and many people that saw them
before they saw a band play .
i got all dressed up for the party tonight .
i knew everyone would be in their own costume .
i was right .
when i got there everyone was really impressed by my costume .
i got a lot of compliments .
there were two clocks ready to be awarded that morning .
the main presenter spoke about the two candidates receiving the awards .
the first woman accepted her award and gave thanks .
then the second woman accepted her award and spoke a few words .
the women posed proudly with the presenters after the ceremony .
my boyfriend and i went to the local bar .
it was dress up and dance night at the bar .
i dressed up as an eccentric hippie .
my friends rode on their bikes in skull face paint .
many people joined us at the event in scary attire .
some were more dressed up then others .
they wanted to make sure it was a great night .
everyone was having a great time .
the dancing got the night going strong .
some took sexy to a whole 'nother level .
the couple were excited to start off their halloween night .
the man was standing around waiting for the dancing to start .
the woman sat down because she was tired from all the dancing .
the men rounded everyone up to start their tour .
the two men played cards while waiting for the train ride .
the audience was getting ready to watch the bicycle race .
tents were being set up around the track .
the race finally began and the bikers were off .
it was a close race as the bikers went all out .
some started to take the lead but overall it was still close .
we went to the bike race this weekend
it was great to see all the cyclists
the track was tough
but people prevailed
and my dad won 1st place
i went to the bike race last week .
there were a lot of people there .
i tried very hard to win the race .
some of the racers were too fast for me .
i did not win .
this is a picture of a biker .
this is a picture of a bunch of bikers .
this is a picture of a track .
this is a picture of three bikers .
this is a picture of people .
we watched a bike race .
it was n't your typical cross country race .
it was on an oval track like a car race .
there were teams racing .
if one person got too tired , his teammate would take over .
the race had begun and this guy had a good lead .
kids were out enjoying watching the race .
no motorcycles were allowed in the race though .
these two cyclists were neck and neck with each other .
as the race came to an end everyone was still very close
race day was a big deal in this french town .
people gathered to watch the bicyclers .
it was an easy stretch of the race , and the cyclists breezed through the town .
locals gathered to watch the race .
they also caught up with old neighbors , and enjoyed the beautiful weather .
there were bikes everywhere at the race .
the children were so excited to watch .
there were even some motorcyclists who came .
the race started and everyone was so close .
then everyone sped up and it really got good .
the city 's annual bike race started today .
local kids made fun of the bike riders .
someone thought they could ride a motorcycle in the race .
two men were very close to each other on the bikes .
rich ended up winning the race for the fourth year in a row .
today 's race was the most exciting day of the tour de france !
my two sons were able to see the action up close .
we also got to see some die hard fans following the cyclists on their motorcycle .
the leaders were in a close battle for first place .
they travel in packs to decrease wind resistance .
here is my buddy showing off some of his moves .
we didnt care much for the police being there .
had to make sure there was not a problem with the law .
we were all grouped together ready to ride .
we were able to get some awesome footage of the night .
after a great night at the bar , me and my drunken friends decided to take a stroll across the street with our bikes .
the trip rekindled some childhood memories .
it was a shame that the cops came to stop us .
the cops were n't much of a concern though .
being too drunk to remember anything , i woke up surprised that my leg had a bruise on it .
the local bikers come to have races in the street at night for fun .
some people do n't like it when authority tries to ruin the fun .
the cops try to break up the fun but allow one race to go since they all came out anyway .
so they take their mark and get ready for the race .
a young man comes in first and has his video on the web for everybody to see .
i took my friends biking one night .
i flipped off the police for fun .
the cop wanted to talk to me for a little while .
once the cop left , my friends wanted to race .
i captured a video of me beating everyone at the race .
many bikers decided to get together and have their own race .
many people were in attendance as they all were ready .
the police suddenly came and stopped this because it was illegal .
the bikers gave the police the middle finger and were extremely angry .
many of the bikers had cuts and bruises trying to run from the police .
my buddies and i are patiently awaiting the start of the race today .
today we are going to be running 50k , which is a long distance .
my friend decided to wear a costume for the event .
he looks so big and strong in his costume .
this is the best shot they have of my wife running the race .
washing and drying the t-shirt for the race .
the racers gathered around getting instruction .
location location run .
another kind of racer gets ready .
resting after the race .
i went to the marathon yesterday .
it was in the woods .
there were some people in costumes .
they were very fast .
it was a long race through the woods .
my friend participated in a 50k trail run .
i personally thought he was crazy .
i wore a fat suit to crack him up .
there was no way i was running that much .
one of the girls barely made it to the finish line .
it was the day of the 50k run .
everyone was getting ready and listening to the rules
there were signs and banners everywhere .
there was a man dressed up as a sumo wrestler .
some people were just there to enjoy the food .
[male] 's bikes has sponsored a five mile race down the heart of town .
the riders carefully checked out their bikes before the race started .
there were a few minutes to say hello to friends .
the race was very crowded with many riders .
when the race ended , awards were given to the first , second and third place winners .
awesome bike up for auction at bike race .
talking and taking pictures before the race .
joe and jim chatting before the race .
resting and giving an interview .
the winners circle , in san franciso .
this is a picture of a bike .
this is a picture of a a group of bikers .
this is a picture of two bikers .
this is a picture of two men .
this is a picture of the winning bikers .
at the race there was a double-seater bike !
this racer looked at it with interest .
these two hot guys were suited up and ready to race .
a big crowd of people came out to watch and to race .
afterwards , the winners were given medals .
i was in a bike race !
we readied our bikes first , checking that everything was in top condition .
i saw a couple people i know .
we lined up , and then we were off ! we rode hard !
though i did n't win , i was happy to see some friends of mine who did !
a bike race is about to take place .
two of the people who are in the lead are photographed .
the winner of the race waves to the crowd .
the top three winners stand on a graduated podium .
when the race is done the winner smiles for the camera .
the crowd was cheering on the bikers for the race .
the race finally starts and the bikers are all focused .
it was a close match but there was only one clear cut winner .
some were disappointed as they sat there looking gloomy .
the winner was finally announced and given a trophy !
the bike race started very early in the morning with many competitors .
these two racers are very close for the lead !
this bike racer waves to all of his adoring fans .
the top racers were given awards and bouquets of flowers .
relaxing and talking with friends later in the day .
there were a ton of people at the race today .
i did n't realize there would be so many .
i was really nervous .
thankfully i won anyway .
i was really relieved .
there were people racing bikes
and it was close .
the blue guy won though
and got flowers
before giving interviews .
a large group of runners turned out for the race .
the local community had provided a band to see us off .
people lined the streets to cheer us on .
i could see the finish line and knew finally that i would live through to the end of the race .
it was a rough , long race but in the end i was proud that i had finished .
we 're on an amazing race , let 's do this .
come on [male] , he 's falling behind .
here 's [male] , he 'll eventually catch me .
there we go , we 're all together .
and what do you know , [male] is the winner , again .
we were so excited to finally run the race .
the day started a little cloudy as we lined up .
the race began and the weather got nicer though .
we ran for awhile and really broke a sweat .
it was so much fun to finish the race .
me and dad were excited to start the race .
it was good day to race and lots of people of all ages came out .
dad is enjoying the race and taking time to smile for the camera .
here he is coming down the stretch .
at the end of the day i was awarded a medal for my performance . i was pretty happy about it .
many marathon racers were in attendance today .
there was even a band playing on the sidelines !
family and friends gathered around the street to cheer for their runner .
many runners were getting tired due to the hot weather .
in the end , everyone got a little something for finishing the race .
the trucks were lined up and ready to go .
a lot of people showed up to seethe trucks in action .
this guy was helping with probably the biggest truck there .
the kids were reading about the different trucks .
the red bull truck was for sure the fastest one there .
race day was a big event .
the crowd cheered the drivers on as the race began .
the excitement was overwhelming .
the blue car came out first .
it then cruised through the finish line , winning the race handily .
some of the entries for this years organization grand challenge .
there was a amazing amount of press at this years event .
look at this turn out !
tartan racing had an amazing showing .
tartan racing for the win . congrats !
today was the day of the big derby !
there were over 10,000 fans in attendance .
a lot of cool trucks made an appearance .
we even got to check out the derby museum .
the best part was that our favorite car won !
today we all got together to see our friend race .
the crowd was absolutely massive .
everyone was excited to root for the vehicle they thought would win .
we all had our fingers crossed that our friend in the blue truck would cross the finish line first .
and in the end he won the race !
the motorcycles was standing by itself .
among other cycles , it was a nice creation .
i stopped by a yellow cycle .
then i found a green cycle near by .
these women were very sad to be at the cycle rally .
two men are admiring the motorcycles at the show .
a lime green tricked out bike that looks ready to ride .
two ladies test out and admire the chopper .
not a bike for the faint of heart , it will take a special person to pull off riding this bike .
an emerald green bike that is truly a show stopper .
we visited a motorcycle show .
they had race bikes .
they had different colored bikes .
there were different styles of bikes .
bike racers were present , too .
everyone was very impressed with the bike with long handlebars .
there was a green crotch-rocket on display .
the showgirls sat on a few of the bikes .
there was even a pimped out moped .
the green candy apple bike raised eyebrows .
our family trip to the motorcycle expo . we are so excited to be here .
these are one of my favorite models that they will be releasing soon .
this is a bike from the future . i ca n't wait till these are sold .
these was another amazing creation . so different from what what we see .
some of the models at the expo taking a break from the show .
[male] tried his hand at photography at the carnival .
he even took a fancy sideways shot of the ferris wheel .
`` how many stories are taking place in that building ? '' he wondered as he photographed it .
he turned his attention back to the rides , and found the notorious spinning racer !
he lay on his back so he could shoot the underside of the spinning racer , hoping he would not be killed . anything for his art !
oh gosh , look at how large the ferris wheel was ! it must 've been at least 100 feet .
the lights looked very old on the wheel , but still had their own level of charm .
the houses looked so small compared to the rest of the city . it was very breathtaking however .
this coaster looks especially scary . i 'm glad i chose the ferris wheel instead .
here we are at the top ! my stomach was a little upset , but it was a very enjoyable experience .
everyone enjoys the ferris wheel .
all the bright lights of the fair are exciting .
this won the blue prize ribbon for best architectural design .
the spinning racer is a thrill seekers paradise .
as you plummet down it almost takes your breath away .
the carnival was tonight and there were many rides including this ferris wheel .
there were many bright lights and signs that were there .
looking out the ferris wheel , you were able to see the whole city .
you were also to see the many rides in the carnival including this spinner racer .
it was very high up but it was definitely a fun experience .
we went to the street fair at night this time around to try to get on the ferris wheel
the ferris wheel was gorgeous all lit up .
the view of the surrounding buildings as you are going up are spectacular out the windows .
you are eventually so high up yo are level with the nearest rollercoaster !
but the best views are the surreal ones of the mechanics of the ride as you are inside of it .
a bike show , featuring new and older bikes .
an antique bike , maybe from the 1940 's .
another antique bike with a very large front wheel .
an odd bike featuring large back wheels and a rather small front wheel .
these bikes appear to be very old as it looks as they have wooden wheels .
here are a few more modern bikes at the local bike store .
this bike looks just like the one that i had as a child . lots of memories .
they even had a few obscure bicycles . just take a look at the wheel on the left one !
this was a classic tricycle that was used back in the 1800 's . i think i would feel a little safer on it than the one with two wheels .
looking at the old mechanisms on the older bikes was quite the educational experience .
at a show in town their is a display of the most unique bikes , and some regular ones .
some of the bikes are old and used . while others are brand new .
a few bikes have large wheels and some look incredibly small .
there is even a few funny looking bikes at the display .
weird pieces and stuff added to the bike are what make them unique .
there was a antique bicycle show this afternoon .
many different bicycles were present including this black bicycle .
there were bicycles of different sizes including this one with the large wheels .
older models of bicycles that have been long gone made an appearance .
this bicycle even had its own brush to clean the wheels !
today the whole family went to the local bike show to vote for their favorites .
my daughter immediately ran to the blue one as its her favorite color .
my son demanded we allowed him to ride this one so he could tower over us all .
even my husband picked a favorite since he loved the unique design .
but by far my favorite was this classy rust colored creation here .
our bags were packed and we were ready to go !
three friends , ready for a time of their life !
we started with a kayaking expedition ...
and , followed that up with zip-lining ! an amazing experienced .
we closed out our first day sleeping under the stars .
everyone 's stuff is packed and they are ready for an adventure .
they decided that they would go canoeing but they had to wear life jackets .
they slept underneath a tarp when they went to sleep .
they had brought sleeping bags to sleep in .
it is a clear cool night that is very beautiful .
we went on a very sporty vacation .
my grandma was ready to go canoeing .
we spent some time under a tarp because it was raining .
the rest of the time we piled into a cabin .
the sunset was worth it at least .
their backpacks were ready .
it was going to be a great trip .
canoeing was always fun .
the rugged course was challenging .
and there was always the nights to be enjoyed .
we were all out and about on this camping trip .
we all took pictures together .
today we all went on a canoe ride .
we even ended up on a fun obstacle course .
overall , it was a beautiful day .
relaxing in the hot tub .
kids having fun in the pool .
out of the pool , mom has snacks .
dad hops in the pool holding the little one .
out of the pool and drying off .
we went to a donkey ride
everyone had a blast
even little tommy had fun
my sister loves donkeyds
and horses too
i went to the farm yesterday .
i let my son ride one of the horses .
it was awesome .
i also rode the horse .
he was a lot of fun .
we went on vacation . the place we stayed had a jacuzzi .
the kids really enjoyed the swimming pool .
i made sure to put lots of sunscreen on them .
they had fun jumping in the water with their dad .
the first day was fantastic .
the kid was riding a horse
when the father came over
and the mother as well .
they took photos
and rode the horse some more .
the bicycle race was underway .
people were having to walk their bikes at certain parts of the race .
some people even had to carry their bikes .
the finish was near though as people started to draw close .
here we have a winner !
this is the bike le tour .
here are some of the racers . they take this seriously and want to win the trophy .
this is [male] , he comes here every year .
this is jane , [female] is out of the race before it started , she crashed .
here is the line where the race starts .
after a while i finally made it to the start of the race .
the other riders were just getting there too .
there were a lot of competitors at the race .
once everyone was there we got in line .
the race is about to start .
the bike race was difficult .
the competitors were far apart .
they competed for the finish line .
some people wrecked and had to carry their bikes .
they reached the finish line .
came out to support a group of coworkers at the race today . [male] is looking strong .
ti getting ready for the next phase .
look at them go . i do n't know how they do it .
go [female] !
[female] crosses the finish line .
motorcylce races , this is the yellow bike , he 's winning .
now here behind him is number 44 , he looked like he was gon na fall over .
number 41 came remarkably close to winning this race , fast bike .
here is number 1 but he did n't win the race .
here is a picture of most of the racers .
the most important race of the year is here !
lot of traffic and competition in this race .
he had an engine failure , so he is last place .
these two racers are fighting for first place !
he had to go to the bathroom in the middle of the race , so he 's on the side .
racers take their leads as yellow number thirty eight is ahead of them all .
red number forty four is coming in as a hot second .
green number forty one is trailing behind in third place .
with a number one competitor not far behind .
many try to keep up with these fast racers as they ride at an increasing speed .
the day started with a motorcycle race .
the racers got very close to the ground .
one of the cyclists was way ahead of the rest .
a couple of the racers almost hit each other on the corner .
the winner ended up being racer number one twenty eight .
this is our first race we have ever attended .
you can hear the engines as the drivers race by .
this guy is in last place , hope he catches up !
these are the two fighting for the cup . this race is breathe taking to watch
the winner at the end of the race . what a wonderful show .
motorcycle races of phelan .
these two are the flag wavers , they got hot and ran under the umbrella .
bikini models for the bikes .
this is number 2 he won the race .
here are some of his moves .
race day was a big event .
before the race , the police performed a run on the course .
then the race began .
after the race , the models posed for pictures .
people came as much for the beautiful girls , as the exciting driving .
i had fun at the bike show last week .
some models were trying to keep the sun off with umbrellas .
other ones just stood around looking pretty .
not long after i got there the first of many races began .
i was really rooting for my favorite driver on the # 2 bike .
all the motor bikes were lined up at the starting line .
a policeman rode around the track first .
then the official race began .
the trophy girls stood by watching .
a few had umbrella 's to avoid getting too much sun .
here are some older bikes at the motorcycle race .
there were a lot of people advertising for different motorcycle products .
here are some more beautiful ladies .
number 2 waving to his fans .
i enjoyed following racer number 2 , throughout the race .
took a trip to location that turned out to be a disaster .
look at this picture , perfection and awesome .
here is where it gets bad . parked my bike .
someone came by and threw mud all over the chain .
the bike had to be cleaned in order to work and that took hours . do n't park your bike in a dense area .
the amazing race got off to a muddy start .
she passed by this picturesque village .
but then hit a dead end and a warning sign .
this labyrinth was confusing but she held onto her wits .
once she found this map the race got a lot easier .
the great outdoors has such beautiful scenery . it 's very breathtaking to look at .
there are hidden paths and trails as far as the eye can see for hiking and bike riders .
many bike riders love to take these trails and hidden paths .
riding on so many trails and hidden paths a bike rider might make his bike a bit muddy .
sometimes grass can even get inside parts of the bike .
the young man traveled to this beautiful town .
he found a great area to go exploring .
he decided to rent a bike to explore the exciting area .
he had a great time , but the bike go so dirty !
now he has to return this filthy bike . but it was so much fun .
went on a bike ride today and it got pretty messy .
this is one of the photos i took from on top of the trail .
that looked like a fun trail to go on but private property .
here was a cool set of stairs i took my bike off of .
last here is the full trail that i took on my bike ride .
a lovely photograph of a cotswold village home .
looks like a faire day and these three ladies will be dancing .
beautiful winter stroll though the woods with the snow on the grouond .
looking out the top windows it 's white as far as the eye can see .
if you leave the village you will see a mountain with snow at the peak '
these pups were pulling a small bed along the mountaintop in my town .
here we are passing by the house in which i used to live . i love the stone that was used to make it .
this is an old staple of my town . it was a church in the 1700 's that was for all the people to worship .
there was a small festival held . everyone wore native clothing and looked silly .
our town can be quite beautiful , especially at winter time . just look at this sunset !
we arrived at the house and found a huge dog .
the house itself seemed a little spooky .
at night it looked even scarier .
the next day we got to see a winter celebration .
the first snowfall really was beautiful .
despite it 's small size , the town throws a large festival before the first snowfall .
people from all around the region come to the festival to enjoy the fun and games .
the first snow has fallen on the road .
as far as the eye can see from the hill top , snow has covered the region .
after the winter , the green trees appear again .
the local christmas parade was yesterday .
all the kids got dressed up in their festive clothes .
we 've had a lot of snow fall over the last week , but luckily it was n't pouring for the parade .
an overview of all the snowfall . you either love it or hate it - living out here .
at least we always have scenic mountains to look at . never gets old .
a man and his brother participated in a bike race last week .
they changed into their riding gear and got their bikes good to go .
after they arrived , they grouped up with the other racers .
the race starts they get run out of the gate .
after the race , they settle down to pose with all the other racers .
the marathon bikers started off the day by eating a good breakfast .
the bikers were camped last night and got a good night 's rest .
the race was about to begin .
this man was first to make it down the finish line .
all the participants had a great time .
everyone arrived early in anticipation of the race .
while waiting , we caught up with old friends .
the race began and we all cheered .
the bikers looked amazing as they zoomed by .
the day turned out to be so much fun .
people start to gather and wait for the race
more people start to coem and wait
the race is ready to began
the race begins and racers start
after the race they take a nice picture
getting ready for the mountain bike trails .
here is the bike that i will be using .
as you can see a lot of people out here to enjoy the race .
riding a long the trail .
here are all our friends that went on the bike ride .
the bike festival was very popular .
amateurs and professionals met for races and fun .
the professionals had a speed race .
the competition was tight , and the best biker won .
after the festival , everyone headed home .
everyone was setting up for a big bike marathon . there was a lot of good buzz going around .
look at how fast these bikers are going ! on such a tight corner too .
this was the pace car for the race . it helped to clear spectators out of the way of the racers .
[male] was close to passing [male] around the final bend . hopefully he makes it !
[male] unfortunately did n't win , but everyone had lots of fun at the race .
the bikers ' bikes arrived on a car .
everyone was excited to cheer their favorite on .
the race went by so quickly .
each second was exhilarating .
we could hardly keep up with all the excitement .
the 24th annual bike competition was held earlier today .
hundreds of riders from across the country all gathered in one place .
lot 's of bikes were being carried via cars to help speed up the process and also help riders not carry them .
the competition was fierce . like always . it was tense just being a spectator .
i ca n't wait to go back next year . it 's always a blast .
once we got to location we got picked up by this taxi .
and , they are off ! this is the most exciting race i have been to .
the race is so close , the athletes give it their all .
you can watch as the crowd looks at the race
on our way home from a exciting day at the race .
the three riders ready themselves for the race .
here they are coming around the first turn ,
one rider is clearly in the lead at this time .
two riders come around the turn with the intent of passing him .
after the races in the cold and snow , the fire sure feels good .
the bikes are lined up and ready to be driven .
this lady examines the bikes before they are used .
the three racers are lined up . they are getting ready to start .
they set out . one guy is firmly in the lead .
another racer is trailing but he is not far behind .
bikes are parked prior to the annual ice biking race of 2014
a photographer records the scene prior to the race .
three contestants anxiously await the start .
and they 're off !
[male] cornwallis takes the lead !
a group of friends raced on their motorcycles for fun .
they raced to a campground located not too far away from their town .
one man was such a good rider that he arrived at the destination much earlier than the others .
three riders came last .
they made campfire when they arrived at the campground since it was getting dark .
i watched my friends during a motorcycle race .
the race was tight , but one was in the lead .
they went around the corners with speed .
dust flew up as they revved the engines .
afterward we had a cookout to celebrate .
some kids were checking out the bike simulation
this guy was about to bust out some made tricks .
the little kid was ready to ride the course on his cool bike .
people were handing out literature about bikes and safety .
this guy was awesome balancing on one wheel .
the bike festival looks to be off to a great start .
a brave rider showing his stunt riding on the ramp .
the crowd gathers around to watch the performance on the stage .
two friends pedal to the bike show to spend the afternoon ,
another stunt rider shows his bravery/
we visited a cycling festival .
there were trick riders .
there were people of all ages .
security was present in case there was any problem .
even unicycle riders were there .
the boy gets ready for the bike show
then the teenager shows off his moves on the ramp .
the young boy is geared up to perform tricks .
the police are ready in case anything happens .
what a nice trick on the bike .
the boys were getting ready for their first show , by studying the layout .
the first boy is on his way doing tricks on the ramp .
the crowd watches on in awe of his greatness .
his other competitors watch on hoping they can do just as well .
one of the boys lost the front wheel of his bike .
the view from the beach was beautiful .
i could not believe how many people were here !
a beautiful photo of the crystal blue ocean .
this giant spider scared me though !
a picture of me with a big boat steering wheel
the crowd and photographers get ready for the start of the race .
her is one runner with her friend along for support .
here she comes across the line and looks to be the winner .
this happy couple both placed in the race as they are both wearing medals .
here it is ! the list of the runners and the winners .
everybody gathered for the marathon .
this was my proud moment before beginning .
here i am at the end , it was so hard .
but we made it and got these cool medals .
this is the list of everyone 's times . we did it .
several people came out to see the triathlon .
there were male and female competitors .
the running part was easy for some people .
many were glad to be participating .
the list of people competing was very long .
we went to the big beach festival last weekend .
there was alot of people there .
lots of time was spent in the water .
there was a weird statue of a huge black widow for some strange reason .
my girlfriend posed by the seaside mural on the way home .
we decided to get in a bike ride before the party .
we recorded some video and guys were laughing at it .
nothing like a bike ride at night .
everyone was having a great time before the party .
now it was time for the fireworks show to begin
we are two wild and crazy guys .
we thought that this would be cool . do n't do this at home .
we lit a fire , and sprayed hairspray . do not do this at home .
burned our fingers because our experiment did n't work .
finally , got a professional and here 's what we tried to do . pretty neat .
a group of friends got on their bikes to go to one of their houses .
they stopped to look at some pictures they took .
they then proceeded to bike to their destination .
when they got there , they had a little party in the basement .
afterwards , they went outside and lit some fireworks .
the gang of bikers showed up in an alley .
russ and organization were discussing a photo on an iphone .
[male] biked better than he ever did that night .
the party moved to the garage and it was awesome .
a firework was shot into the sky to signify the end of a great night .
the boys start the day off by riding thier bikes .
after their long bike ride they meet up for a short break .
and off they go . riding in the night .
after the ride is complete . they meet up at a friends house for some laughs .
the night ended with this amazing beam of light in the sky .
it was a great day for a race .
the group of bicyclists all lined up on the starting line .
the race course was through a residential area .
once the race commenced the racers spread out .
it looks like the finish line will be just ahead .
the man in red wanted to really win the bike race today .
he practiced for weeks .
he ended up finishing second place .
he watched as the rest of the runners finished .
they all drank water and celebrated each other at the finish line .
the man was ready for the annual bike race in his hometown .
all the riders lined up at the starting line .
and then they were off ! they whizzed down the street .
three buddies decided to stay and ride together .
but one of the friends decided to pull ahead of the others just for fun .
[male] was getting ready to ride in the annual bike race in his hometown .
at the start of the race [male] fell behind the pack of other riders .
soon [male] was able to catch up with some of the other riders and pass them .
the race went throughout the town and lasted two hours .
although [male] did n't win he was relieved to make it to the finish line with the other riders .
[male] ready to start his first race .
bobs team mate [male] has been a great mentor .
keeping a good pace .
almost near the finish .
proud of everyone who raced today .
here is [female] all ready to race .
here are a few of her teammates shortly before the start .
and they are off , [female] had a great start .
here is her teammate [male] out on the course .
coming into the finish line , i think they had a great time for the first day .
[female] and her friends went to a bike race yesterday .
[female] thought the racers were really fast .
her friends kept rooting the racers on to the finish line .
it was a really close race .
the winner won by inches .
she is anticipating the marathon she practiced so hard for .
the group is waiting patiently for the race to start .
the group is turning the bend on the endurance trip .
one participant enduring the race .
two riders racing toward the finish line .
[female] was the only woman to enter the race .
the men laughed at her calling her a joke .
she knew she would prove them wrong and beat them to the prize .
she was ahead and doing well . leaving the men in the dust .
the men tried but could n't catch up !
today i went to go watch my mom race in the bike-a-thon .
when they came around the bend it looked like it could be anyones game .
then it was just my mom and one competitor racing for the finish line .
they were neck and neck .
then with a burst of unexpected speed he pulled in front of her and won .
we did a lot of walking on our european trip .
we saw the locals .
we window shopped .
we saw some local art .
we enjoyed the beautiful culture and scenery .
it was a very hot day outside near the bay . lots of people had to take their shirts off to beat the heat .
we decided to visit a wax museum . does n't this look just like goldy ?
this is a statue of [male] glover from one of his earlier movies . the resemblance was uncanny .
we decided to visit an old gravesite along the bay . we paid our respects .
this is an old lighthouse meant to prevent boats from hitting the bay .
an exhibit is open today to all the tourist that have arrived .
guards stand waiting as guests slowly make their way in .
the exhibit features a new clothes line as a part of featured art .
sculptures catch so much attention by the new tourist in town .
the end of the tour is a walk near the ocean checking out the scenery .
we went on a tour of the town .
saw a bunch of strong guys by the pier ready to work .
lots of mannequins with clothes for sale .
saw some nice artifacts in a huge museum .
after lunch we enjoyed the view of the harbor .
the men stood around mystified about the robbery .
the thieves had stolen everything .
fashions , mannequins and jewels were all gone .
they looked out toward the sea .
perhaps one of the large ships would apprehend them
the bicycle race had begun .
everyone was neck and neck during the race .
the finish was near though and someone had to win .
the winner posed with some ladies .
this guy may not have won but was feeling lucky
we went to see the bike racing championships yesterday .
all the racers were really fast .
the winner got to stand up on stage to be congratulated .
he even got a check for his racing .
at the end , he even got kisses from the girls that made him blush .
these guys are hauling ass !
my gosh , they look like they 're riding in formation . is this practiced ?
the finish line ! it was mostly downhill , i think i could 've won .
2nd place only gets a hug from the girls .
1st place gets a kiss !
it was the race of the year !
the men were neck in neck trying to outdo each other .
everyone wondered who would win .
[male] got first place ! those girls were going to be his prize .
the girls felt bad for the runner up so made him feel better by kissing his cheek .
the bikers began the steep climb .
they were all very close .
they all knew there could be only one victor .
coming in second place he was n't very happy with his performance .
the jubilant smile of the victor can not be faked .
everybody was anxious as the race was about to start .
the race was underway and people were coming fast .
the first turn of the race and people were still close .
i couldnt believe how neck and neck everyone was .
except this guy he seemed pretty tired from the race .
the marathon bikers began at the starting line .
the ran through sharp corners .
it was a close race the entire time .
the man in red was last .
he eventually finished the face setting his own record .
all the racers gather and wait for them to begin
the race begins and the racers take off
they began making turns and making there way to the finish line
there all trying to get to first place
but only one can and only one did
i cheered on my friend at a bicycle race .
there were several participants .
the terrain was varied .
cycling can be dangerous when they ride in tight groups .
my friend won the race .
annual race for a cause was today . im lucky enough to been a part of it .
could n't of asked for better weather it was just right .
everyone rounding the half way mar . all down hill from here .
my favorite shot of the day .
my good friend [male] still going strong .
kids loved carnival day .
there were rides and floats .
the floats were amazing , and drew crowds .
you could take a guided tour .
we loved the cookoo nest the most .
the first day of summer parade . the grand marshals were a couple of guys in black robes with mops on their heads .
the rubber ducky was one of my favorite things to see in the parade .
the wacky float made by the cookoos was pretty awesome , too .
no parade is complete without a giant pink poodle . it looked like cotton candy on legs .
last but not least , my favorite , the choo-choo train . the engineer let us kids ride on the train the last three blocks . it was so much fun !
there were all kinds of crazy characters in the town 's annual parade .
a train chugged along the route as well .
before the parade began , people mulled around and looked at the floats .
some people rode in a golf cart in the parade .
the float , the cookoos , won the best of show prize .
we took the kids to the small town parade .
there was a bus decorated like a train .
there were floats with all kinds of tv characters .
people wore wigs like old time judges .
there was a cook bird float .
you do n't see this everyday . here for the float parade .
great details on this train .
i really liked the elephant . such pretty colors .
is that [male] washington ?
and by far this was the strangest out of the bunch . i 'm still laughing about it .
she was excited for the party to begin .
a new bike she had a received for her birhtday .
here she is sitting on the porch swing with grandma .
now she is trying out the bike with the bigger wheels .
her little sister might be a little too small for the new bike
[male] 's birthday party , she was so excited !
her first ride on her new tricycle .
she loved swinging and talking to grandma [female] .
here she is showing off her new treasure to her friend [female] .
parking in the garage after her first full day on wheels .
she was so excited to finally visit grandma 's house .
the little red tricycle was always so fun to ride .
her sister and grandma sat on the porch as they watched her play .
she even gave her sister a chance to ride it .
her sister was so excited to play too .
the little girl is happy with her gift basket .
later she is riding her new bike outside .
the grandmother is spending quality time with her grandchild .
sisterly love ! they are helping each other ride the bike
the youngest girl is now trying to ride the bike like sisters .
the little girl smiled as she looked at the camera .
she enjoyed taking out her tricycle out for a spin on the nice day .
the little girl enjoyed talking to her grandma .
another little girl wanted to try the bigger tricycle but it was hard to drive .
the littles girl tried to ride the tricycle but her feet could not touch the ground .
the race started with the sun beating down on the cyclists .
the hot temperature began to defeat the contestants and many lost their balance .
then the angel of air blew a cooling breeze upon the city .
and the cyclists got their motivation and strength back .
all of the contestants finished the race that day .
the 5th annual bike race was intense
so many bikers took part
there was even a freestyle mud race
not everyone made it through the mud track
and then the angel nurse had to help them
today i raced !
the first two people fell badly off their bikes but i trekked on .
i saw this beautiful [male] flying over the track . i waved and pedaled harder toward the finish .
here i am coming up on a turn .
i 'm in first , turning and going in through the finish line ! i won ! !
we went to see a bike race at high speed .
all the riders were trying their best .
our friend was going fast down hill .
this rider fell on the muddy track .
the hostess of the event was quite beautiful .
we went to watch a bike race today .
the bikers all seemed very focused .
there was even a mud event for the bikers .
some of the bikers fell of their bikes into the mud .
in the end , there was a performance from an angel .
the group of friends gather for a party and cookout . a cake with sprinkles is made .
a woman makes herself a plate of food .
the fire is made to make food and for warmth .
the bicycle is brought out for people to try out .
the group notices that the bird feeder is empty .
the tanks were the groups favorite !
everyone loved getting on the tank .
the kids learned and had fun at the same time .
the trip was adventurous and educational .
the soldiers educated the teens .
mom always made the best confetti cake .
however , her barbeque skills could use some improvement .
sometimes it is hard to tell exactly what is being made .
thankfully uncle [male] is around to help out .
he even helped me build that birdhouse that i had been wanting .
i made a cake for the party today .
i also made some other food .
we made a big fire to cook it all with .
my friends began to arrive .
it was a lot of fun .
our friends decided to take a day out today and make some cake .
there were even sausages served .
everyone was having a great time barbequing .
we ended up riding a funky bike around after eating .
overall , it was a great day .
a group of bicyclists gather together .
the bicycles are together on a paved path .
a photographer takes pictures of the scene .
the group is excited to get started with the race .
finally the group is done with their event .
this weekend was the annual bike race
so many people attended
the course was everywhere
we even went on the street where the guy was killed
it was a great time
the spectators watched as the bikers went along the route .
these bikers were looking for the starting place .
all the bikers were enjoying the day for a worthy cause .
the rain never bothered the bikers as they went along the route .
the participants were all very enthusiastic that day .
we hung out to show off new tricks that we learned on our bikes .
sometimes we had to wait awhile for the group leader to arrive .
when he finally arrives it is time to head off .
we ride quickly to our secret location , where authorities wo n't bother us .
sometimes there are many members ready to show off their skills .
headed out for a bike ride , one of my favorite ways to spend the day .
met up with a bunch of friends at our bike obstacle course .
people were there taking pictures .
a nice crowd gathered to watch .
it was a perfect day for biking with friends .
it was a beautiful day for a bike race .
lots of spectators had turned out to cheer us on .
some people came dressed for the occasion .
some people did not .
parts of the race could even be completed just by coasting ; it was exhilarating .
i was trying to rest as much as possible , because today i will be competing in cycling .
i was holding my race bib in my hand , i was so glad to be competing .
this is a picture of me on my bicycle , i am ready to go .
my trainer tested out the bike to ensure it was operating properly .
it was warm up time , then it would be time to race .
it was a perfect day outside so we decided to go on a bike ride .
[male] was a little nervous because this was his first time riding in a long time .
we had to stop and take a picture before be began on our ride .
i did n't remember how much fun bike riding actually is .
i really enjoyed myself , met some new friends and i hope that we can do this again sometime .
this is [male] .
[male] loves to ride bicycles .
one day [male] was sitting on his bike in the road when a guy drove up and called him a turd .
he challenged [male] to a race for his bicycle .
they raced and [male] won !
me and a couple of buddies were out for a bike ride today .
everyone took many pictures .
it was a happy day and everyone was excited .
we started our bike ride finally .
it was chilly so some people had on sweaters .
it was time for a sporting event
bikes and running alike
they ran hard in the ran for a great cause
and took time to help the children
it was for a great cause and great fun
everyone had hoped for nice weather the day of the race but that was not to be .
ever persistent , the runners ran in the rain .
at times the pavement was slippery .
all the runner were glad when the rain stopped .
they were all soaking wet by the end of the run .
this is a bike race going on today .
people are late coming to the race and have to get bikes .
some people are running in the race , i think .
after the race people are settling down and eating something .
the winners are being recognized on stage .
the bike portion of the race was exciting .
the man has his bike helmet on running to get his bike .
the woman is running around the corner smiling on the rainy day .
the woman and child are having fun after the event .
the rewards were presented by the speaker for the event .
it rained at the start of the race this year .
they dropped their bikes off so they could start the run .
she took an early lead in the running event .
many people brought their families to watch .
awards were presented to the top finishers at the end .
a triathlon is about to start .
after the swimming is complete they must move on to bicycling .
next there is a running section .
the first competitors make it over the finish line .
the winner poses for a candid shot .
me and my friend getting ready for the water in this competition .
i made it to the running portion .
i hope my legs do n't give out ! !
`` yes , water ! '' thank you for the people supporting us .
i made it to the finish line ! what an amazing race .
so many ready to go out for a swim for the cause .
the bycyclists are wearing helmets for their protection .
some are there to run as well as some of the other sports .
this is where the race will begin .
many supporters are here to lend in cheering the participators on .
the first part of the triathlon was swimming .
the next part was biking .
the last part of the triathlon was running .
my friend made it over the finish line .
her husband waited to congratulate her .
there was a contest today by the beach .
there were many bicycle races .
there were even marathons taking place .
the marathon runners were all tired .
there were many pictures being taken at the event .
the bikers were all very prepared for the event .
my cousin was the overseer in the yellow hut .
the bikers were getting great air .
even the motorbikes were getting great air that day .
the rewards ceremony featured many winners .
there were a lot of riders at the bmx competition .
i watched from a yellow tower .
they were very fast going up the ramps .
it looked scary .
i had a great time there .
the dirt bike challenge was off to a great start , as riders were flying through the air .
and , up and over the mexican flags .
[male] became more and more confident and started to get fancy on the jumps .
unlike [male] , who was consistent and stuck to his gameplan .
which , allowed him to win the medal to end the race . his first ever championship .
the bmx bike show started early in the afternoon .
the judge 's stand was set up on the course .
there were many tricks performed .
[male] loved seeing how high the bmx bikes went .
it was nice to see the italian team .
a bicycle race . by dint of muscle and sweat , they race around the track .
the mounds and ridges make some of the jumps truly spectacular .
racing takes intense concentration as well as physical perfection .
a strong will helps to keep everything perfectly aligned .
for the victors there is the satisfaction of knowing they raced in excellence as well as prizes .
last week was the tri-athlon in my town .
competitors swam , rode bikes , and ran .
it was a grueling competition .
the people in the race were so strong doing all that physical activity .
all the people that finished were winners in my eyes .
everyone was viewing what was going on in the water .
the bicycle race was about the begin .
the race had begun and people were neck and neck .
the foot race had also begun .
the finish line was drawing near but who would win ?
many people came to watch the town 's annual triathlon and stood on the shore cheering the swimmers .
after a grueling swim , people jumped on their bikes for the next course .
a husband and wife led the way of the joggers .
one man kept pace and jogged tirelessly during the second course .
the last runner ran and was monitored by a bicyclist .
today was the day of the race . they started out in the water .
the bike race was next .
after that was the five mile run .
[male] pulled ahead at the last minute .
here he is at the front of everyone almost halfway through .
a massive crowd attended the triathlon .
[male] had n't ridden a bike for ten years until day .
a happy couple jogged to catch up with [male] . they just wanted to talk .
one jogger left his good friend behind , who was gasping for air on the pavement a couple miles back .
the man who neglected his dying friend won the race !
there are many things to do in the city .
you can sight see the chemical factories in the heart of downtown .
some tourists like to bike along the radioactive streets .
others simply like to catch local musical talents .
at night people can party till the sun comes up .
visiting the whole town while bike riding .
the bikers on their way to the park .
about to cross the street to get a closer look of the building .
resting by the water and making wishes .
taking a break at the park to continue the journey later .
looking at the map , we want to go somewhere to have fun today .
we will ride bikes so we can have a better sense of adventure !
we passed many buildings on our special adventure .
we stopped at the pond and watched for a while
when we finally got home , we were exhausted .
a lot of people take a trip out to this beautiful place . where water covers part of the area .
bikers ride a few blocks to catch up with the events going on in town .
although the trip is only a few blocks away it seems like a long ride .
the place is so fun to be at that even performers love to come out to sing .
this draws in a lot of crowds in the town making it a lot of fun .
we went on a bicycle tour with a group of people . we were given maps and places to go .
as we made our way down the street with the others , we decided to do a little sightseeing .
we stopped at the street across from an old factory to take some pictures and talk about our next destination .
we decided to take a break by the old fountain because we had been biking all day .
at the end of the trip , we all decided to lay down on a grassy field to relax before our evening . we had a long day of biking and were a little tired but overall , it was a fun day out .
we were excited to be at riverfest !
we couldnt wait to enjoy some delicious grilled food .
the bands had begun and they were sounding great !
there is no way i was going to be going on this ride .
people were cooling off by jumping right in the lake !
we are finally here , riverfest !
the smell from the grills was amazing .
this country band was really rocking out .
there were about 20 really awesome ride at the festival .
not to mention the river !
this year 's riverfest is underway .
some serious barbecuing is going on .
one of several country western bands in the riverfest .
the festival also featured amusement rides .
and , of course , there was swimming in the river . great festival !
today we celebrated riverfest , a fun local festival !
lots of people grilled out and ate delicious homemade barbecue .
there was plenty of live music from local artists .
there were even carnival rides , including this exciting swing !
jumping in the river was the perfect way to end a lovely day at the riverfest .
so excited i got to go to riverfest .
i 'm not sure whats in that smoker but it smelled amazing .
[female] hill put on a great show .
yeah you wont catch me on this thing .
the kids even got to take a quick dip . what a great day .
everyone was anxiously awaiting the start of the race .
the race was underway and there was a leader .
everyone was neck and neck at this point .
people spread out and a new leader was defined .
the race was soon to end but who will win ? !
the biggest race of the year is here !
and it begins !
the competition is fierce ! a high speed race !
the racers are making the turn !
these two racers are fighting for first place ! ! !
the race was about to begin and all racers were ready to go !
at the sound of go , they set off cycling as fast as possible .
going as fast as they could , each racer tried to keep ahead of the other competitors .
the gaps between the riders began to grow wider and wider .
finally , two people make it to the finish line before everyone else .
[male] and i were about to begin the annual tour de moline bicycle race .
the gun sounded and we were off to a strong start .
it was neck and neck for several laps .
finally , i caught a break and pulled ahead .
as i beat [male] across the finish line , i could feel him right behind me .
the cyclists lined up at the starting line .
many had visions of crossing the finish line first .
they could hear the click , click , click of the bikes pedals .
a few broke away from the pack .
but only two pulled far enough ahead to make a difference .
everyone was getting set up at the break of dawn .
the swimmers were getting ready to start .
more swimmers lined up ready to begin .
there was a beautiful view of the ocean .
we were able to get a picture of one of the swimmers after the race .
here we are at 4:30am before the start of the triathlon .
making sure all is well with my bike in the transition area
the swim start , i was very nervous here .
here is the bike start , i was happy to be out of the water .
celebrating in the afternoon with friends .
participants gather the night before the wildflower triathlon .
getting ready to start the first leg .
another wave gets ready to swim .
quite a lot of participants and spectators .
participants in good spirits for the event .
everyone got up early for the race .
i was super tired during warm up ,
but i was ready once the race got started .
[male] later , we were spread out a lot .
this was the judges table waiting for people to cross the finish line .
everyone camped out the night before the big race .
everyone checked their bikes and other gear before it was time to start .
they all lined up at the starting line awaiting to go signal .
they came racing down the home stretch towards the finish line .
afterwards they all had a big celebration before getting ready to head home .
the racers were anxiously waiting to begin
the race was underway and everyone was neck and neck
this little guy was definetly enjoying the race .
the racers were so close as the finish line drew near .
everyone could see the finish but only one would win .
bikers about to start the race .
number one fan and mascot .
bikers going up the hill , almost there .
the last 5 miles to the finish line .
two bikers crossing the fish line
it was a great day to go racing
and off they went !
even the dog was loving this sunny day
each racer pushed themselves harder and harder
it was such a great race that day all enjoyed it
racers get ready to race
then they take off
dog sits and also watches the race
everyone is racing to the finish line
everybody is trying to get into 1st place
everyone was fired up for the bicycle race .
even the dog was anticipating a great and competitive time .
everyone started off fast and wild .
they continued and the race was quite intensive .
the race is cutting it very close .
everyone was gathered to watch the bike race in the city .
a lot of people were trying to get autographs from the racers .
all of the racers looked excited to be interacting with the crowd .
everyone was lined up at the starting line as the announcer spoke .
the race began and all of the cyclists rushed to take the lead . the race was amazing !
we left early to get to the bike race but still could n't find a parking spot .
once we got situated we knew we would not be able to see anything .
we followed some people with cameras to hopefully get a better spot .
we found one just in time .
after all our efforts we were able to see my brother start the race .
it was almost time for the bike race
all the people had come from miles to watch the race
it was even going to be on tv
each rider prepared for the race
and off to the races they went
we got to the bicycle race early . but the crowds were already massive !
some of the bicycle riders were out and about talking to the spectators .
but soon they were back on their bikes and ready to race .
it was amazing to see the peloton set off . we 'll never forget that sight .
some of the riders were obviously still in the restroom as they set off late !
there were many people at this marathon and even the news came .
the streets were full as people crowded them .
the news reporters all got into position .
some people even wanted autographs from the bikers .
once the races started , everyone was cheering for their favorite biker .
the racers were anxiously waiting to start .
everyone was going over the first bump of the race .
i couldnt believe the air some bikes were getting .
everyone was neck and neck on the finals hills .
it was a good race but only one person could win .
ready , set , go ! the race is on !
all the racers are keeping close together . off to a good start .
some are pulling away from the pack . look at the air they are getting on the jumps .
these two pulled ahead of everyone else . looks like the yellow team is going to win .
they pulled it off ... yellow team wins ! great job guys !
the dirt bike race was underway
each guy raced for position
it was a great race with big jumps
and close calls it was such a close finish
and they champion was crowned accordingly
we are starting off at the annual bicycle marathon .
at first it was a bumpy ride .
but soon , we were soaring down the field .
everyone was very competitive throughout the race .
although there could only be one winner , we all enjoyed ourselves .
the bicyclists line up for a race .
they go over the hills .
they jump in the air .
it 's neck and neck .
but in the end , only one rider can win .
yesterday , the kids in my neighborhood decided to have a bike race .
they got together and made up the rules .
before they set off , they all said they would race fair .
the race went beautifully .
the winner was very happy with his reward and bragging rights .
a rider takes a break for some lunch so he can ride for long miles .
friends gather together to decide which way they will be riding today .
friends gather after their ride and talk about what a good time they had .
two friends examine a bike to find out what is wrong with it .
looks like someone took a nasty tumble and the bike was the clear winner .
performance cyclers sit in anticipation to others offering up a challenge .
five or more ride up trying to figure out how they can get crazy and creative .
people watch excited over the cyclist plan to do some dangerous riding .
a biker is stopped as he fell . a friend stops to make sure he is okay .
he has hurt his knee very bad and cant continue riding .
i was getting ready and prepared to go on a bike ride for my daily exercise .
after riding my bike for a few minutes , i ran into a group of friends .
i stopped and chatted with my friends for awhile .
during our chat , one of my friends noticed that there was a problem with my bike , but i ignored his advice .
i continued to ride my bike anyway even though there was a problem with my bike , and i ended up having a bad fall and scraped my knee .
bikes are becoming more popular in location .
four friends like to ride their bikes on the weekend .
a batch of teens are easy to manipulate if you talk about bikes with them .
a stranger heckled another stranger on a public wall .
money was made and yayo felt good about it .
there were so many cool bikes to see at the show .
the finish on this bike was very impressive .
i though this bike was very cool and unique looking .
a lot of cool looking red bikes lines up in a row .
i thought the detail on this bike was impressive .
yesterday i went shopping for a new bike .
i did n't want just any bike , i wanted a racing bike .
after looking at many , i found what i was looking for .
when i saw the bike , i knew it was meant for me .
i walked out of the store with my new bike in hand .
i spent the day at an antique bicycle show .
the handmade leather satchel on this bike was still in great shape .
this unique model had the smallest tires i 'd ever seen on a bike .
some were pretty unusual ,
but the hand-done calligraphy and detailing on this model was the highlight of the show .
we went to an antique bike show today .
we wondered how anyone could go anywhere with such small wheels .
we decided this one looked like our grandfather 's bike .
they had several of them , though .
i really liked the carvings on these and wanted them on my own bike .
the family went to a bike show to pick out a vintage bicycle .
first we saw an interesting one with small wheels , but [male] did not like it .
then we looked at a pretty red race bike , but it cost too much .
we looked , and looked , and looked , and thought we were going to give up .
then [male] found a wonderful blue bike that we all loved . it is now hanging on our wall at home .
the start of the bike leg it was already very warm .
the police volunteers were everywhere along the course .
i was trying to be artsy with this shot of [male] .
here he is starting on the run .
it got very foggy and overcast in the afternoon .
the annual bike race started off normally .
security was tight due to many bike thefts in area .
the police kept a close watch .
most people were lucky and did not have an incident .
[male] was n't so lucky as his bike was stolen right out from under him , but , alas , he was determine to complete the race .
[male] was excited to enter the marathon bike competition . he had been training for months to build up stamina .
his friend [male] was also competing and they were encouraging each other to beat their personal best .
the town police were out in force to show their support for local athletes and to direct traffic .
many of the applicants were very experienced and both men and women teams were stiff competition .
unfortunately [male] 's bike chain broke halfway through the race ! unwilling to quit he jogged the rest of the distance .
i watched my friends at a triathlon .
police were there to keep everyone safe .
the competition was fierce .
the running part was intense .
the fog was also intense .
the first stage of the race was biking .
they had a police escort .
he had to keep his focus .
for him , running was the most challenging part of the race .
yet , running in the dense fog , he felt as if his lungs were on fire .
the downhill bike event started at 8am .
this was the first bridge at the bottom of the first big hill .
the course had many twists and turns and there was mud everywhere .
this jump was giving some of the riders fits .
here you can see the ski lifts at the bottom of the course .
starting a mountain bike course , waiting for their turn to go .
two bikers starting the course .
turning on the curb at full speed .
jumping through a little hill .
a biker going down the side of a hill .
everyone was so excited to start the race .
the bikers lined up to begin .
they took off so quickly .
it was hard to keep up with how fast they were going .
the final mile was the hardest as they went through dangerous terrain .
went to see my nephew compete this weekend .
these guys are amazing .
jonathons friend coming in on a tight turn
they really catch so sir on this track .
here comes [male] , im so proud of him .
i rode my bike through the trails , on the way to the track
going over the bridge
taking a tight turn
jumping the ramps
and going around the turns
everyone was gathered for [female] 's birthday party .
[male] had arranged to play a game but he would n't tell anyone what was .
[male] revealed that everyone would be racing together on kiddie bikes .
the game was hilarious , the bikes were too small for all of us .
[female] had a great birthday party and she loved all of her gifts .
a party outside at night , the is so much fun .
a friend arrives for the party on her two wheels .
friends gather around to look at the post on organization .
friends standing together enjoying the party .
looks like someone is hiding from the camera .
it was going to be one great night !
[male] was off to a great start to the night having a great time
they even rode on their kids bikes
and played around together in the back alley
it was a night to remember for sure
we gathered out for our midnight bike run .
zack gets ready to don his helmet .
[female] shows off the bikes .
the first rider- 12:05 am .
the prize - a spray bottle !
this is what happens when [female] brings the drinks . everyone is still sober here .
[male] laughing at [male] who trying to ride his sons bike .
oh no [female] wants to try to .
so funny . i am happy i have this on film .
[female] and her secret drink she wont share with us .
this is a picture of the trail we rode .
all of us taking a break somewhere in the forest .
we got to see some people riding around on horses .
all of us posing for a picture with our bikes .
a beautiful view and some of my friends chilling in the field .
the group of friends began their journey on their bikes
they rested on the way to drink water
as they walked through the mountains they saw people on horses .
they camped on the top of the mountain .
after a few days they walked home .
my friends from the local bike club went on a bike trail today .
here are all our bikes before we take off .
some of the members opted to ride horses instead .
here 's the group posing with all our bikes .
the trail was beautiful and i would do it again .
the friends went for a bike ride .
they stopped for a break and talked amongst each other .
then they switched from the bikes to horses .
finally they arrived back to the campsite for the evening .
then it was time for the long road home .
today the guys went on a mountain bike ride .
they stopped in the forest for a break earlier in the day .
some of them even ended up horseback riding , a completely unplanned but hard to pass up event .
eventually they all got back on the same page to start the most interesting part of their journey .
which consisted of downhill races through tall brush .
the summer bike race was on july 24 .
bikers started off the race with a brisk pace .
police cars drove ahead of the bikers to keep the roads secure .
it was so hot that some people opened their shirts .
ultimately the man with the silver helmet won the race .
the beginning of the race and everybody is off .
the racers are cycling fast and security is along the side .
he is coming faster than everyone , leading the pack .
he has taken lead , having a sip and continuing the race .
the winner has been declared and he 's up and out of seat .
the rough rider road race began on a bright and sunny saturday morning .
family and friends gathered to cheer the participants on .
the hills required a great deal of training and endurance .
racers found it very important to keep hydrated .
in the end , the race was won by an 85 year-old marathon runner !
all the racers are racing
they all are racing trying to stay on track and get into 1st place
people are taking pictures of the racers as they past by
people are trying to get to the finish line
everyone is racing as hard as they can to get to 1st place
males and females come together for the annual cycling race .
many stand by taking photos of the cyclist for memorabilia .
this man in the red and blue is taking the event very serious .
grabbing water while they ride the cyclist make sure to stay hydrated .
sometimes it is okay to be last as long as you are working your hardest .
the bike race was about to begin .
bikers raced down the streets downtown .
helicopters followed the movements of the bikers .
they eventually would be greeted with water near the finish line .
onlookers such as this biker 's wife watched patiently .
the parking lot where i will be to watch the race .
about to catch the race from a parking lot .
looking at the race from a distance .
the bikers riding their bikes below my view .
the bikers riding away .
the cyclists set off at the top of their speed .
traveling at a fast pace , they quickly cycle through the road .
some watched the cyclists from above , cheering the person they had hoped to win .
the race began to draw to an end as they reached the finish line .
not all watchers were happy at the end though since their favorite did n't win .
the bikers waited for the race to begin in anticipation .
they took off quickly down the streets .
they were blurs as they zoomed by .
the streets were filled with them .
many stood on the side and watched .
on saturday i want to photograph the bike race in town .
i took this arial shot to show the riders for a different perceptive .
here are the bike riders racing to the finish line .
as you can see there were quite a few participants in the race .
this is [female] who was standing on the sidelines supporting her husband in the race .
the tour de location was off ...
and , location was ready to represent their country ...
until , they realized the back of the race was a parade .
or a funeral ?
and , suddenly , a basketball arrived on the scene . it was good to be an american again .
it was the time for the annual `` le tour de france '' !
many cyclists around the world came to compete in this prestigious race .
many companies took this as an opportunity to advertise by sponsoring the race .
others decided to provide some entertainment for the viewers .
even some bikers decided to showcase their unique bikes .
i was surprised at all the people that tag along with the tour .
here are the actual racers .
i 'm not even sure , but it was gamely following the bikers .
a representative from the location tourist board ,
and a professional basketball player ( wan na be )
this is a famous bicycle race .
some of the best riders in the world compete .
there is also a parade .
spectators watch interesting vehicles pass by .
they never know what will be next !
over the weekend we attended an event for the tour de location .
the racers were going so quickly and i was shocked at how long they could go .
to go with the bikes we had many different floats go by .
a car drove by that was supporting location .
we then got to see a basketball player float .
today we celebrated [male] 's birthday .
we had a lot of fun taking pictures .
then we had something to eat .
[male] really liked opening his presents .
[male] had a great time .
in the morning we took a walk outside .
he is was always adventurous and in the trees .
it was my friends birthday .
he took pictures with his girlfriend .
then a girl stole his camera and took a picture of herself .
todays [male] birthdays and i made sure everyone knew about it .
check it out its me taking a selfie inside a picture . crazy stuff !
set the table for his dinner tonight , hope it all goes well .
i made this birthday card by hand so he better like it .
looks like he loved his gifts and its another successful birthday . cant wait for next year .
today was [male] 's birthday celebration .
friends were on hand to take lots of pictures .
the table was set for a large dinner for everyone .
[male] got lots of well wishes and birthday cards .
[male] enjoyed all the presents he received .
today is andrews birthday an we are going to celebrate !
i took a picture to show [male] how we prepared for his special day .
before he arrived we set the table for his birthday celebration .
once [male] arrived , he began to open up his gifts .
[male] was so excited and happy to spend his birthday with us .
my son set the place mats out in traditional style .
we talked about college before sitting down .
my mother flew in from location and we snapped a photo .
the cakes were both heavenly .
i got my mother a fan for her birthday .
we had a birthday party today .
a lot of family came .
we had a great time taking photos .
the cake was very well made .
blowing out the candle was the best part .
set the table for the family dinner tonight , cant wait .
heres me and grandma , she loved that corn !
took another , she loved taking pictures together .
check out that cake , bet its just as tasty as it looks .
blew out the birthday candles to end the night , great birthday .
before having the birthday party we set the table for dinner .
while waiting on the food , the kids played .
everyone got to eat all kinds of foods .
delicious cakes were baked for the celebration .
everyone had a good time at the party .
it is grandma 's 85th birthday and everything is set up for a great day .
the grandchildren are excited to surprise their grandmother .
the daughter of the woman poses for a picture with the birthday girl .
there are two cakes for this special lady today on her birthday .
she is in utter disbelief that her family loves her so very much .
my dog loves to play with my mother .
earlier that day , my dog peed on a flower .
we decided to do some grilling for the event .
my cousin put some hot got wieners on the pit .
we drove my little car to the general store .
grandma 's birthday was quite an event . namely because she said the only thing she wanted was strawberries .
so she got them . so many that she and aunt [female] had to sit on the porch forever going through them and picking out the best ones .
we all waited patiently inside for them to come in .
and when they did , we surprised her with even more strawberries , this time on a cake .
she said she had a great time . and as usual , as soon as we turned our backs on her she was back in the kitchen making more food . the woman is a cooking machine .
when i arrived , [female] the dog greeted me politely .
i saw the beautiful flowers that [female] had planted in the yard
and found [male] out back trying to figure out the grill .
i was n't too sure that he would succeed , but he managed to make some fairly decent bratwursts .
i always enjoy visiting my sister 's family .
best friend forever !
beautiful flower and i did n't even plant these .
this is one of his best skills .
hot dogs and beer , no complaints here .
this looks like a historic building so we should charge for a tour .
the family was enjoying a bbq .
the flowers were finally in bloom !
the man was doing some grilling .
he made some hot dogs .
it was a great bbq !
for my friends birthday we took him out for sushi .
this is some of the delicious food that we ate .
i tried some of the shrimp .
he all sung him happy birthday and cut the cake .
he was very happy with the gifts .
birthday dinner at an all you can eat sushi bar .
first plate of food for the night .
second plate of sushi rolls .
singing happy birthday , and mini happy birthday cake .
opening presents from friends .
the sushi chef was hard at work making sushi .
he could make many kinds of sushi .
he could make other things besides sushi .
he could even make ice cream dishes for a birthday .
the birthday boy got a lot of gifts .
we visited a sushi shop today .
first , we order all different kinds of sushi and sushi rolls .
then , we tried their lobster and other seafood .
finally , we ended our meal with sweet desserts .
overall , it was a fine dining experience .
for his birthday the man wanted to go to his favorite sushi restaurant .
the first platter had some of his favorite pieces .
the second platter was equally colorful and delicious .
the final course was his birthday dessert with a single candle .
the night was a success and he left with a smile on his face .
the family got together for the birthday party .
two of the tots played together in the side room office .
the snacks were great . we had cheese and grapes .
we also had plenty of alcohol !
but of course it was all for grego 's birthday which we rang in in style .
it 's time to go and visit my friends .
they are excited to see me , but i 'm not sure what 's going on .
oh it 's a birthday party . happy birthday to you .
after cake we decide to play dolls and walk them around in their strollers .
after the party it is time to sit in my car seat and relax on the way home .
we brought the whole family together to celebrate his birthday this year .
we also invited all of his friends .
we made sure everything we served was healthy .
almost everything .
happy birthday !
my family celebrated [male] 's birthday last night .
the children played with toys in the living room .
and the adults enjoyed fine cheese .
we also had drinks too .
finally [male] got to blow out the candles on his birthday cake .
it was a happy family birthday party .
the children enjoyed playing with each other .
the adults enjoyed some cheese and grapes .
while the kids entertained each other the adults enjoyed some special beverages .
gregs had a wonderful birthday !
the group had gotten together for a meal out in the park .
everyone was drinking and having a good time .
they brought out some games to play .
and the dogs played in the mini pool .
they ended the get together with tea .
it was [male] 's birthday , and he had some friends and family over .
he and his wife , [female] , seemed to be having a great time .
even his niece [female] showed up from location .
of course , it was an exciting time for the dogs .
and the party would n't be complete without [female] 's trademark chicken dish .
grandpa was being so silly and we had had a blast
grandpa and grandma having a wonderful weekend with their children
my beautiful daughter is old enough to drink now
[male] and togo being silly , ooling off in the pool
delicious grilled cornish hen and wine for lunch
grandfather had his 70th birthday party at our house .
so many friends and family came to share his day with good food and drinks .
he got some pretty interesting gifts that were alcoholic .
and , even the dogs had a good time at the party .
fortunately , we all had tea or coffee before everyone drove home that evening .
`` is it time to open my gift ? '' grandpa asked .
`` sure . go for it . `` , exclaimed his granddaughter .
`` hey ! it 's free year membership to the bacon of the month club ! '' said grandpa .
`` did you say bacon ? '' exclaimed the dogs as they ran toward the family .
`` bacon ? no , all i got was the teapot . `` , grandpa said to the dogs
little [male] is having his birthday party today .
he is sitting on his pillow taking a picture for his mommy .
he then jumps into the pool of balls with a big smile on his face .
it 's time to unwrap the presents and little [male] can hardly contain himself .
after the nice presents were given out it was time to have some cake .
it was the child 's second birthday .
a mom presented the cake to the children .
all of the guests had a great time .
they played for a long time and made great memories .
the presents were loved .
we had a fun time playing today .
we had a lot of activities .
first we played with lots of balls .
then we invited all the other kids over .
afterwards we had a bunch of cake .
my little nephew is eating some good food .
he is sitting down waiting for something to do .
he finds a ball pit and is having a blast .
it is party time and he is opening up gifts .
my sister brings out the cake for the birthday boy .
it was his first birthday !
he was all dressed up and ready for the party .
he was so happy about the ball pit .
they all sat around and watched the presents being open .
it was finally time for the cake , he was ready .
the raising of the american flag has quite a ritual associated with it .
it obviously meant a lot to the officers .
the way they handled the flag conveyed their respect .
it was wonderful to see in person .
the officers saluted as the flag was raised .
the troops gathered around the flagpole for the ceremony .
one of the soldiers lowered the flag .
the soldiers carefully retrieved the flag .
the flag was folded with intense care .
the troops were proud and honored .
when a soldier dies , a life is lost for our freedom .
and , they present it strongly at the funerals .
the flags wave high , the heads hang low .
and , finally , they say goodbyes with the folding of a flag .
and , one last salute to their fallen comrade .
i went to the memorial service yesterday .
everyone was dressed very well .
they were very careful with the flag .
they raised it to the top of the pole .
i had a great time there and we saluted it .
taking down the flag everyday at dusk was tradition .
it required procedures be followed .
protocol had to be followed .
the flag had to be folded just so .
the flag must never touch the ground .
we all got all the ingredients together to make a birthday cake for my brother .
once the batter was ready we put it in the oven to bake .
when it was decorated it looked like a birthday present .
my brother was so happy and excited to cut his cake .
the rest of us were happy and excited to help him eat it !
gather the ingredients to make your cake .
mix them all together .
put your pan in to bake .
serve the birthday boy .
and watch the cake disappear . mmmm good !
made my son a birthday cake .
here is the mess i made .
cake it cooking .
he likes video games so i tried to make it look like a game system .
he loved it , see how much he ate .
i am going to bake a birthday cake for my daughter .
once i mixed the ingredients , i called her to come and luck the spoon .
i put the cake in the convection oven , so that it could bake faster .
he really enjoyed the cake , even though it was not for him .
all in all , i think i did a good job .
i decided to bake my own birthday cake for my son on his birthday .
contrary to what i read online , a toaster oven is actually sufficient for baking a cake .
the cake was extremely pretty on the outside , but i was worried about what it might be like on the inside .
my son cut his cake with a big smile on his face .
thankfully , the inside of the cake was as pretty as the outside .
on our hang out day in the park we all arrived very early .
we took a photo of all my friends before we started playing games .
my friend brought some beers and started to enjoy them .
i also had friends who were enjoying some cigarettes .
my good friend was enjoying the beverages as she chugged it down .
oh no , you did n't tell me this was a marathon .
oh come on you can do this ! everybody 's cheering for us !
they did n't tell me this was a running thing either
we 're taking a taxi . we have disabilities , sorry ca n't walk never mind run !
ok i gave it a try and got run over by some crazy marathon enthusiasts
my friends and i decided to hang out this weekend and took pictures of ourselves .
we found a downtown area and just sat around for a while .
another friend found a bottle of high life that we passed around .
my two friends [male] and [male] sat and posed for the camera .
my other friend [male] enjoyed a swig of the cold beer as we sat outside .
[female] loved hanging out with her friends .
this group of people had been friends since elementary school .
they loved to drink beers and chat about times past .
being silly was common for this group of people .
having 40oz beers and reminiscing was how they relaxed on the weekends .
[female] can give the craziest looks some times !
hanging with the crew , i love them so much !
some days you just need a little to drink !
drinking with my friends can make for some crazy times !
still drinking , we are pretty crazy haha .
the two men partied very happily .
one of my friends brought his girlfriend along .
she drank a lot of glasses on her own .
i ate a lot of good food .
some of my friends took pictures at the event .
[male] and tilda decided to go to a party with their old friends .
they met them at the reception hall and took a picture to post on instagram .
the party turned out to be boring and filled with people they did n't know .
the meal was particularly gross and cold .
their only form of amusement was a toy , a toddler had left behind .
for her 21st birthday [female] decided she wanted to go to a wine tasting .
several of her friends agreed that this was a great idea and they tagged along .
no one felt particularly confident about pairing wine with food , except [female] , so it turned out to be a very educational event .
[female] 's favorite dish was dessert which she finished before even tasting the wine that went with it .
as a nice surprise at the end of the event they each received a party favor which contained various silly toys .
two friends pause for a quick photo together .
looks like everyone is having fun at the party .
some of the party favors were a bit silly .
the food was delicious , and mixed well with good company .
photos were flashing everywhere , as people wanted to capture these memories forever .
we went to a formal dinner for our grad school 's computer science program
i got to sit next to [female] who is an absolute genius and also a real practical joker .
she brought wind-up eyeballs to the table as they walked around our drinks and food .
the food was mostly mediocre but we were so hungry that we ate all of it .
the party was fun though and everyone snapped pictures to commemorate the good time we had .
we went snowboarding one day .
we where very excited to arrive .
there was n't a whole lot of snow though .
but it did n't stop us .
we had a great time .
the annual community sled race made winter an anticipated time for the community .
some sleds were very creative and dressed like bugs .
but any old tub would do as long as it would slide .
a few contestants took the opportunity to spread a message !
the important thing though was to bring the community together and have a slippery , good time .
these two men were very active today .
the camp had a very nice sign .
many gathered at that camp for fun .
several interesting concepts were introduced .
i had a very creative sleigh to ride .
we went to the park to celebrate [female] 's birthday .
we all gathered around while we watched people having fun .
[male] and [male] went down the slope in a strange sled .
[female] got to go through a happy birthday banner on a sled .
then i got to ride a horse down the slope .
the snow was fresh on the ground , so the only thing to do was have an event .
lots of people brought out a bunch of different things . this colorful caterpillar caught my eye .
down hill sled races where both fun to be apart of and to watch . only one person went to the hospital this year .
one of the sled racers had a birthday this day . they did not think through the idea of racing with a banner though .
this one guy even raced on a homemade reindeer sled . his fall was so epic , and we were all glad that he was alright .
the paint is ready for our tee shirt painting contest .
i select my paint colors to use on my tee shirt .
here i am in my artistic moment having so much fun .
look at all the creations laid out in order to dry .
showing off my favorite shirt with my art teacher .
we went to an art museum .
there was some very informative people there .
we made t-shirts .
we had a lot of fun wearing them .
we should do this again sometime .
we set up an arts and crafts table .
we invited my colleagues to contribute .
my partner was the most creative .
we made several tablecloth creations .
my friends even made custom shirts .
today was a craft 's day for the family .
everyone had to pick out their supplies .
[female] was excited to paint her shirt .
here are all of the shirts while they were drying .
[female] was the proudest of her design .
mom put out arts and crafts for us to do
we chose to create shirts
i decide to paint a bow on mine
after we finished we set the shirts to dry
our shirts came out very nice
what a blizzard we had ! it meant a lot of work , but fun first .
playing in the snow with you friends and family is the best after a big storm .
as we looked around us though , we saw we had a problem , the car was snowed in .
the deep snow made it hard to get around , even on foot .
after much work and a few cocoa breaks-the shoveling was finally done .
the neighbors worked together to clean up after the storm .
they dug out the cars .
it took a long time to clear the driveway .
mom and the kids stayed warm inside .
when the snow melted , it was bike-riding time .
the winter of 2014-15 was one to remember .
we got multiple major snowstorms , blocking us in and making travel difficult .
it took [male] all day just to shovel our driveway .
so the kids and i stayed in and pretended to have a picnic .
[male] is happy the snow is gone now , and he can spend his days learning to ride the bike he got for christmas .
our family decided to go out and play on this nice snowy day !
the kids were making snowballs for a snowball fight later .
the cars were completely buried in snow so there was no traveling for today !
the snowball fight is getting intense !
the roads were so frozen that you could almost skate on them .
the other day it snowed at my home .
snowed so much , the cars got blocked in the driveway .
i had to get out there and shovel it to be able to get to work .
while my wife and kids sat on the couch eating breakfast .
after i was finished my kid went out and rode his bike .
for their son 's birthday , the parents decided that they 'd take their son bowling .
he was very excited to try bowling since he had only seen the sport on tv
for a beginner he was great . only because the gutter was raised up .
when they got home , a yummy cake was waiting for him .
the birthday boy 's brother wanted to get in on the action and blow the candle , but opted not too , for the sake of argument
for our sons birthday we gathered up all of his friends and went to the bowling alley .
our two sons were very happy to be there and enjoyed the friends and food .
our youngest son struggled but still managed to get the ball down the lane .
we brought out the birthday cake and got ready to sing .
after bowling the kids went outside and started to play some video games .
[male] celebrated his 8th birthday at the local bowling alley .
his best buddies , [male] and [male] , were there . they had a great time .
strike ! !
the birthday boy loved the chocolate cake grandma made for him .
he had a great time playing with the gifts he received .
[male] 's birthday party started off with a visit to [male] e cheese .
he loved it and was smiling the entire time .
after that , we went to the bowling alley . [male] scored a strike !
his birthday cake came out after he changed .
it was a soccer design and he loved it !
today was my son 's birthday . we took him to the bowling alley and invited his friends .
here we are finishing up our mean with his friend , [male] .
there [male] is bowling his heart out .
i got my son a birthday cake . he loved it !
i got him a phone for his present . i could n't get it away from him .
before girls night out.we started with some drinks before we left .
smooches i love you.this is my best friend .
do n't i look beautiful with my flower ? some random guy just gave it to me .
karaoke bring it on.i am going to win this .
my girl found a dance partner ..go [female] ! !
even before the party started you can already tell i 'm a little drunk here .
by about thirty minutes in i had already had far to many beers to keep a straight face .
catlyn on the other hand seemed to be holding her own across the table from me .
our designated driver maril was probably trying to figure out how we could be so crazy .
meg and i share a moment together in the center of the dance floor after i sobered up some .
there is nothing better than friends !
what are drinks without the cute little umbrella ?
this girl really knows how to make a mean drink .
this little lady is really trying to make up her mind what she wants to do .
what happens on our night out stays between friends .
the girl 's were enjoying the party .
[female] was having a great time there .
her friend [female] was having an equally great time .
[female] was excited to be able to get away from the office for a day and have some fun .
[female] went on the dance floor and danced the night away .
getting very drunk before going out .
we danced all night long .
my favorite type of flowers at the club .
great music , and great people to be around .
[male] was here , and he looked amazing .
the old album told quite the story of [female] .
her old home place in location location , where she grew up .
her pre-wedding photos before marrying [male] , her love .
her sister-in-law and brother-in-law , [male] and [female] laurson .
and , finally , the picture that still resides on their children 's walls today .
i love to browse through old photos of strangers . was this her first home ?
where did this family live ?
is this a crazy cat lady ?
what were these people celebrating ?
did this young man make it home from the war ? we will never know for sure .
i found a photo album in my grandma 's attic .
it contained pictures of people i 've never met .
my grandma told me [female] was her mother .
it contained pictures and information on my entire family history .
it made me appreciate my family more .
i love to look at the old pictures of my grandmother [female] .
the family and friend groupings fascinate me . what brought them all together ?
[female] with her first child , my father , is a picture i treasure most .
the family often got together for big picnic meals .
my grandfather was a saucy guy , very unlike my grandmother , but they had a happy marriage .
the old pictures
showed the family .
they were happy
back in the old days
and showed this .
[female] and [male] went to organization organization to find prom dresses .
[female] could n't find anything that fit right because she had gained weight
[male] thought that she looked best in white .
but the white dress did n't make her boobs look good .
in the end , [male] found a dress that made her boobs look good while [female] stuck with an a-line design
my twin sister and me had to go home for the weekend to celebrate our birthday .
when we arrived our parents had made us a delicious cake .
we opened our gifts and read our cards before giving out hugs .
we took a picture of ourselves in our new sunglasses .
we then went and tried on our new dresses that we got .
my friend and i went shopping for new dresses .
i like polka dots and tired this dress on first .
my friend did n't like the polka dot dress , so i tried on a green floral print dress .
i told my friend i was going to buy the polka dot dress .
she surprised me and bought the green floral print dress for herself .
me and my twin sister on our birthday decided to spend time together .
our parents bought us a cake .
and we opened presents .
we spent time together .
and went shopping for birthday dresses .
two friends pose together before their party .
two friends celebrate their birthday with a cake .
before the party the friends decide who to invite .
one last picture before getting into our party outfits .
let the fun begin for our birthday .
this was a nice family gathering for the 4th of july .
you can never go wrong with m & ms as a gift .
enjoying some conversation on the patio .
these cupcakes are even more delicious than they look .
these were the invitations for the gathering .
the hardee family was a heafty but happy family .
one day they decided to enjoy some porch time together .
they were so big that not all of them fit on the porch so they had to sit on the sidewalk .
they snacked on green cupcakes and soda .
after eating , they sat around some more to gossip .
the whole family gathered for the party .
the front porch is a great place for relaxing and catching up with family .
watching the kids play on their bikes while the rest of the family watches from the porch .
they got a cactus cupcake cake for the party - say that three times fast !
it was so nice to have my family back together again . it 's been a long time !
everyone arrived at the house at the same time . it was the perfect opportunity for a group photo .
dad received his favorite candy as gifts . his diet is doomed .
some relaxed outdoors , the house was too crowded inside .
my sister made this clever cactus out of cupcakes . everyone was impressed .
a birthday on july 4th is the best excuse for a family get together !
we had a family get together today .
the parents were watching on as the kids played .
after a while , everyone was getting tired .
we all went back inside to eat cupcakes .
it was a very enjoyable day .
today was our baby 's mathew 's birthday .
[male] really likes cake .
he almost likes it too much .
he can make quite a mess .
he had a lot fun playing with his new toys .
[male] looking forward to having his birthday .
little boy loves to eat his cake .
his top hat shows how old he is .
he 's eaten his fill of cake and is having a time for nap .
till next year , birthday boy makes a mess .
here 's the look on my kids face when i told him it was his birthday . `` what 's that ? ''
he hardly wasted any time covering his face in cake !
he looked so scared at the beginning of the party , but he wised up after a while .
look at him , just sitting there as if being covered in frosting was the most normal thing in the world !
i hope he loved the party , he threw up almost right after this photo was taken , so that 's got ta be a good sign .
my son was happy with his new toys .
my smallest one ate little desserts .
he looked so silly .
babies are so cute with food ln their mouth still .
after eating , we let him play .
[male] woke up early today because of a surprise party .
here he is eating the cake we got him .
he is good at containing his mess as time goes on .
he noticed the wagon again and wanted to push it .
the end of a good birthday party calls for another wagon push .
he was fastening his gear first .
i told him we would have a lovely time on the ride .
while he was sitting down , he waved over .
he walked closer to the rails and we slid off .
then we ate dinner afterwords with sexy women .
we went snowboarding today .
it was very cold .
there was a lot of snow .
we had a blast .
we 're going to do this again soon .
getting mentally prepared for going out here in the freezing cold .
got my goggles on for protection while snowboarding .
this is the most fun i 've had all year , good clean fun .
me and my good friend out here amongst nature , there 's nothing better .
going to a nice place to eat at the end of a long day of freezing cold snow sounds great to me .
we took at vacation and visiting a skiing resort .
at the top of the mountain we got ready to slide down the mountain .
we went snowboarding all the way down the mountain .
we spent a lot of time with friends on the mountain .
at the end of the day we relaxed back at the lodge .
last weekend me and my best friend [male] went skiing .
we enjoyed our time talking , smiling , and taking selfies .
i even tried snowboarding , but spent must of my time falling down .
me and [male] also trekked the grounds and observed the mountains surrounding us .
to end the day we ate a wonderful meal of meatloaf , mash potatoes and corn .
the camper brought many animals .
the turtle was really cute .
the children were brave playing with the snake .
even parents joined in the petting .
later , we all bounced on a trampoline .
we had a birthday party today .
there was an zoologist there with some cool animals .
we got to play with some of them .
we got to hold a big snake .
it was an awesome day .
the nature guide brought animals to show the kids .
first a crocodile then a turtle .
he even let the kids hold a huge snake . some of the kids were nervous .
but not mom , she thought the snake was cool .
then they all played on a trampoline .
we had a party for all the kids in the park .
they got to see a live alligator .
they even got to hold small turtles .
then they got to all hold a giant snake .
the snake was so large some of the kids needed help .
the reptile expert taught the children about animals .
he brought an alligator .
the children got to hold turtles .
the snake was so big that it took many children to hold it !
even adults wanted to touch the large snake .
the costume party was off to a great start .
not everyone was there for the costumes though ...
there was some amazing face paint there .
as well as an amazing plummer costume .
everyone had a great time that night .
everyone had a great time at the costume party last night .
they were there to raise money for a local cause .
the event helped raise more than $ 2000 .
the money will be evenly divided among 10 non-profit organizations in the county .
local college organizations played a big part in organizing the party .
halloween parties are the highlight of our fall .
everyone shows up dressed as a fictional character .
snow white even graced us with her presence .
[male] sure had a lot of fun in her costume !
the best part of the party was all the fun we had together .
the couple arrived at the halloween party in costume and excited to celebrate .
beer was served and this guy had a nice relaxing evening .
the woman 's shrek costume was put together well .
[male] giving a thumbs up !
toward the end of the party , a buzzed couple acts silly for the camera .
the college kids celebrated halloween with a costume party .
some people wore simple costumes with masks .
while others dressed as their favorite characters .
they drank and danced all night .
a fun time was had by all and new friends were made .
the mom tells her son that she has a special surprise for him .
it is his birthday . he is very excited .
surprise ! puppies . he gets to choose a puppy for his own .
he looks at a lot of different dogs , but finally he decides on one .
this dog looks like the perfect companion for him .
the man decided it would be nice to take a walk .
he grabbed his dog and a leash , and took him outside .
he let the dog off the leash so he could run around .
the dog found a stick and wanted to pick it up .
the dog carried the stick back before another dog could get it .
it is a cold day , but still nice for a walk outdoors .
he calls the dogs and gets the leash . they love their walks and get so excited . the young dog needs a leash so he wo n't run off .
the older dog still loves to explore and he begins to dig in a pile of brush .
just as he finds a huge stick , the man calls . it is time to go home .
he carries the big stick in his mouth as he and the young dog follow the man back across the field . they will have plenty of fun with his new treasure .
as [female] was walking her dog , she met stan .
stan has a dog named diesel .
[female] loved diesels coat .
she decided to take several of pictures of diesel to post on her blog .
mr. maloonagins , [female] 's dog , got along good with diesel and they played .
today is such an important day
it is my birthday and i am excited
the dogs are ready to go outside
it looks a little cold outside
he wants to join the party
homemade treats were fun to make with friends .
a large batch was made for the hungry crowd .
guests shared the preparation duties .
memories were preserved with photographs .
everybody ate a lot and enjoyed the meal .
rolling the dough for dim sum
everyone is helping and making dim sum
putting them on a platter for cooking
platter number 12 almost done .
finally done after preparing over 100 dim sums .
i never thought i would take a cooking class but here i am .
it was certainly better with friends .
i learned quickly how to make the intricate details .
look at how many we made !
they were delicious .
many cultures have their own style of food they enjoy .
the work of preparing the food is often shared by many .
this activity can be a lot of fun for families to do together .
they often like to take pictures of their hard work .
after enjoying the food they enjoy conversation , laughs and relaxation .
dumplings were made and lined-up on a tray as they got ready for guests to arrive .
with each dumpling hand made , the process took hours .
once guests arrived , it was time to cook the dumplings .
they looked so good , we could n't help snapping a photo or two for the scrap book .
the who gang sat around enjoying each other 's company after dinner .
the guests were all eating at the birthday party .
they were enjoy the crab that was being served .
the birthday girl got her very own cake .
afterwards she went out to get something else sweet .
she , her boyfriend , and all the guests had a great time that night .
here the girls are on the way to the birthday party .
it was [female] in the tiara 's 21st birthday and they sat down to dinner .
her friend [female] was very interested in the lobster .
[female] can finally legally drink !
she made sure to enjoy her night by cozying up to a cute guy .
they loved getting together to have a great meal , and celebrate birthdays .
sometimes the meal had some food that was a challenge to eat , but it was worth it !
the birthday girl was a little embarrassed , but loved her birthday cupcake .
she did n't even mind having her picture taken while she took a giant bite out of it .
she felt so beautiful and special . it was awesome to have friends to celebrate with .
the girls went out for their friend 's birthday .
they started with a lobster dinner .
soon the server came out with cake and ice cream for the birthday girl..
they also brought cup cakes to snack on throughout the night .
as the night wound down , the birthday girl met the lead singer of her favorite band .
the girl was very excited as the waiter brought her food to the table .
it was the first time she had ever had lobster .
her friends watched as she tried to crack the claw .
her bestie could n't help but laugh a little when the claw burst into pieces .
at the end of the night , everyone had their picture taken with the waiter .
the cake is cooking so that the family can have a birthday party today .
the boy is excited and ca n't wait to blow out his candles .
they make him open presents before anyone is allowed cake .
his favorite present is the video game .
but his favorite part of the party is eating the delicious cake his mom made for him .
the birthday cake was different from most .
the icing and toppings were untraditional .
the finished product looked delicious .
the birthday kid blew out his candles .
he enjoyed the presents he received .
the boy 's mom made a cookie cake for his birthday .
he also got a small cake to blow the candles out on .
he opened the many presents he got .
he got a new airsoft gun .
he enjoyed the cookie cake .
the boy picked out a fudge pie for his birthday .
he enjoyed his party and his cupcake .
he was given a present wrapped in red to open .
he opened his present to reveal a toy .
he was happy and enjoyed eating his cupcake .
a birthday pie ?
kids like birthday cupcakes !
birthday presents are fun to open .
i like my gift .
happy birthday to me !
jolie and her husband [male] sit together at the red table .
organization , [male] and [female] pose for a picture togrether .
it is a 40th birthday party today .
[male] sits in front of the birthday cake , as it is his 40th .
the candles are lit and ready to be blown out .
it was the man 's 40th birthday .
he was happy that his sisters came to visit .
and his friends laid a nice cake on the table .
everybody gathered around the table .
after everyone was there , they lit the candles .
tavo is celebrating is 40th birthday ...
tavo 's wife and daughter were there and had a surprise for him ...
they baked him a birthday cake for his birthday..
it was a cream cheese red velvet cake , tavo 's favorite .
before he blew out the candles , tavo had to make a wish ...
a man went to a restaurant for a party .
he caught up with some old friends .
they all sat down at a table and a cake was brought out .
the server lit the candles .
everyone sang happy birthday to the man .
we are getting to that age where we are going to milestone birthday parties .
at least we get to see our friends .
here is the pretty 40th birthday cake .
the birthday boy was waiting for the candles to be lit .
we dimmed the lights for him to make his wish .
friends gathered to go out for dessert and drinks .
the friends were close with each other and were having a good time .
the dessert was outstanding .
the dessert was followed by a good amount of drinks .
afterwards , the friends were exhausted from the dessert , but maybe more from the drinks .
waiting for the train to arrive .
arrived at the bar .
grabbing a drink with friends .
eating a chocolate desert with vanilla ice cream .
showing how flexible she is .
[male] and [female] were out on a date , they were having fun .
as they sat and waited for their table to be called they were goofing off .
once they were done eating they enjoyed a sweet yummy cake and side of ice-cream
after dinner they went out for a few drinks at the bar .
they ended the day with snapping a photo of a few friends they new waiting for the subway .
my boyfriend and i went out for a night on the town yesterday .
i even wore my new purple heals for the date .
we ate at this restaurant with fancy appetizers .
the bar was stocked with fine wines .
we had a few drinks , so we took the subway home .
i took a photo of two of my friends .
since we are having so much fun , it would be nice to capture it in a photo .
we ordered a sumptuous dessert to share .
our other friends came too , and we had our drinks .
after the party , me and my friend here decided to take the clapham station on the way home .
this is my dog with purple bows on her ears .
this is my cat . my dog an cat get along well .
we are celebrating our collective birthdays today with a beautiful cake .
it is yummy too . we scarfed up more than half of it .
what a wonderful and beautiful day to celebrate .
[female] was very lonely , all she had was her dog belle .
and her sweet cat sassy , she loved them very much but longed for human contact .
her main hobby was gardening and that was nice but sometimes she found herself longing for human touch .
it was her 50th birthday and she had no one to celebrate with .
she made herself a cake and ate so much that she made herself sick .
i had a great birthday today .
my cat took my spot .
i got to eat an entire chocolate cake .
they made it all for me .
afterward i went outside to sniff some flowers .
snoozing on his masters arm .
along with that damn cat .
he dreamt of chocolate cake .
a special cake just for him ... not the damn cat .
that cat had to much catnip and tore up the flower bed but he got the rap .
today was poochies 5th birthday .
all of the pets were in attendance , including [female] .
we baked a special cake just for poochie
poochie ate almost the entire cake .
later we realized that dogs ca n't eat chocolate . rip poochie .
i went to the bar last weekend .
the bill was very high .
i had a lot of drinks .
they made my head hurt .
i drank some more after that .
[female] was out having a drink with her friends .
her friend [female] is pictured here listening to [female] talk to her .
more beers come in as [female] orders for the whole crowd of friends .
they really appreciate her kindness and all have a seat .
[male] is having a drink that her good friend [female] bought for him .
i went out with some friends from school .
she was my room mate freshman year .
some drinks to get the party going .
the bar had communal seating .
this boy was cute .
[female] was feeling a bit melancholy this evening .
she had gotten news that a friend had passed away .
so she went for a drink .
dillan was also pretty sad but had friends to cheer him up .
he was a social drinker unlike [female] .
she was invited to go out with friends .
they have wanted to get together and have some fun .
the beer in a cold glass looks delicious .
they had several drinks and laughed about old times .
he agreed to have one last drink before getting a cab home .
surprise ! happy birthday !
i brought you a cake .
blow out the candles .
let 's play a game .
i 'm glad you liked your present . happy birthday to you !
we were at a birthday party with cake !
people were being silly and holding up masks to their faces .
they were giving out zebra plushes as party favors because it was her favorite animal .
we then cut the cake .
they handed out balloons as well .
we got together for my friends birthday !
a lot of silliness ensued , like funny faces .
she was excited about her beanie animal gift .
of course someone always gets too near the fire .
she does n't want her picture taken . i do n't know why since she 's so cute .
wow i have never had someone do a surprise party for me .
the cake was so pretty and done in my favorite colors .
the right number of candles would have been too hard to lite so there were just a few .
everyone had fun mask that they made .
the gifts were handmade too - my friends are awesome !
i came to the party with some balloons .
i also brought a feather cake for everyone .
they really liked it .
afterward we played part games .
my friend really like all of her gifts .
i made a lot of food for the party tonight .
there were a lot of people coming .
i also made drinks for everyone .
the food was very good .
everyone was full after they ate .
we went to a new three star restaurant tonight .
the food was amazing , they had special presentation for everything .
the hamburgers were impressive , almost too good to eat .
even their appetizers were too good to be true .
we finished our dinner with a coffee , which was perfectly poured .
we went out to try a new restaurant , yesterday .
they had many appetizing things on the menu .
the table had nice , cool drinks on it when we came .
the food looked great .
the best part was that it tasted great .
feast your taste buds on this decadent cini-bun desert .
or you can dip your way into bliss with our fresh cut fries .
if a juicy burger is something up your alley try ours with a pickle and pepper on top .
if you are looking for a light lunch we can give you a variety of light lunch items for you to choose from .
we also have a barista full of choices for those caffeine lovers .
there were so many options for food at this resturant .
first the woman chose the corndog .
part way through she was very hungry , so she ordered a drink .
then she went back to the food .
she did n't want to stop at an appetizer so she got a burger too !
i invited everyone to dinner last night .
there were a ton of people there .
i had a great time .
everyone was happy to be there .
we had some great food that night .
we had a big family reunion last week .
i was able to get together with many family members and take pictures .
everyone was happy and enjoying themselves .
even my cousin [male] came from location just to see us !
we have a great time and are already planning the next one .
last week , we had a family reunion .
everyone who could came over to my house .
all the grandparents came .
everybody made sure to have their pictures taken .
we never knew when we would see each other together again .
these are couples who all met through a dating service online .
[male] and johana met six years ago and are recently engaged ,
[male] and [female] have been married 8 years .
[male] and janeen met two years ago and are expecting a child .
[female] and josh just met last year but are set to be married next month .
we are at a couples retreat amongst many friends
our love for each will never die
we have been together for 26 years
we are the fresh couple but are willing to put the effort for ours to be as long as everyone here
the best is yet come we have eleven years under our belt
it is [female] 's birthday party .
she has all of her friends over at the party .
they go outside and start jumping in the bouncy house .
after the bouncy house to go inside the house to play some games .
after that its back outside for some food and cake .
i threw a party for all of the children today .
they were all very happy .
we bought a moon bounce for everyone .
it was very fun .
we also got a lot of cake .
today is my daughter [female] 's fifth birthday and we are throwing her a party .
all of her friends from daycare showed up . we have many fun activities planned for her .
we rented a moon bounce for her to enjoy .
we also hired a magician for the kids to watch perform tricks .
and of course we had birthday cake . [female] told me this is her favorite birthday ever !
had my daughter a birthday party , just a simple small one .
here are two of her best friends .
had fun in the bounce house .
all lined up for a cool picture .
time to eat cake .
we prepared for the special day today .
it was this girl 's birthday .
the kids had fun in the jumping house .
girls waited on the staircase .
lastly , we went outside to eat the birthday cake .
look at all that candy !
this was going to be a fun halloween .
these people were enjoying the festivities .
a nice bottle of wine and some conversation .
everyone loved the pilgrim hats .
gigi wanted her party to be pirate-themed .
she made her brothers dress up like idiots
they ended looking like revolutionaries during the civil war instead of pirates .
ashamed , they hid under a mountain of candy .
gigi gave up and let them suffucate .
look at the goodies the bear is taking care of for us .
friends celebrate at a pirate themed party .
friends pose for pictures for pirate night .
two ladies enjoying drinks at a pirate themed party .
not everyone dressed as a pirate for the party .
we went to a pirate party where a teddy bear kept watch over our booty .
everyone was enjoying the party and hanging out in costume .
[male] was particularly funny with his toy musket that he pointed at someone whenever someone took a picture of him .
there was a lot of food and drink to be had . the wine , though cheap , was actually quite good and served in white styrofoam cups .
some people were not as amused by [male] 's antics but everyone had a great time .
we offered free candy as a party favor for our halloween party so no one left empty handed .
there were plenty of areas to rest in between dancing .
a halloween party would be nothing without invading pirates .
this pirate is threatening to take another girl hostage with her prop gun .
it was wonderful to see the work people put into their costumes .
my sister and me were looking at fun cat toys .
my sister is a little more into cats than i am but i still enjoy it .
we also viewed many other fun toys for little girls .
my brother in law was also there to take a look at the toys .
my mother showed up after to talk about some things .
[female] and cher celebrated their same birthday at a korean barbeque place .
cher 's mom was in charge of turning the meat for everyone .
she had a lot of fun gossiping and eating .
cher 's aunt was particularly invested in the life of cher 's cousin .
they took one final picture after dinner and called it a day .
[female] loved going out for her birthday .
her friends always obliged her .
she loved getting presents too , but that was just a perk .
she mainly loved spending time with her friends .
everyone filled their bellies and was stuffed .
a lady is holding a cat and smiling .
two friends are posing and smiling .
a lady holds a gift and is happy .
two women are smiling and a man is looking at them .
two women are having a discussion .
the family was out to eat .
they were taking pictures and catching up while they waited for their food .
[female] ate her dessert first .
it was well worth it .
the older women gossiped in the corner .
maddie 's grandparents looked over the menu .
they had to ask uncle [male] what the menu said because it was all in french .
they finally decided to leave the restaurant and go somewhere else .
home was the next best option .
maddie was able to celebrate her birthday at home with her family .
before the party i showed off the gift i was giving my brother .
my brother loved the gift and showed it off to the camera .
my uncle inspired me to get my brother the gun for a gift .
we had a great time at the party and got to see everyone .
the food at the party was great and i was full quickly .
mom and dad celebrated their 55th anniversary with a family party .
they got a kick out of reading all the cards that were sent from friends around the country .
all of our family got together for the occasion .
there was lots of food and laughter .
instead of cake , we had lemon meringue and coconut cream pies .
the family gathered for a celebration .
they enjoyed good food , and good drinks .
everyone was happy to see each other .
the night was filled with fun and great memories .
the highlight of the evening was knowing they were nurturing the next generation .
it was grandpa 's 60th birthday party .
he enjoyed himself immensely reading all the heartfelt cards his family gave him .
some were so funny !
all his family were there , including his only grandson .
when the cake came out , he decided to let his granddaughters blow it out because they were so excited to see it .
today was our son 's birthday .
there was a lot of balloons .
our son loves balloons .
our son also likes to open presents .
we had a great time .
a little boy is excited for his first birthday .
he enjoys playing with all of the balloons .
his grandpa bought him a new shirt .
his grandma bought him many new toys .
finally , he had some birthday cake that his mom and dad got for him .
my son had a lovely birthday party .
we bought him several distractions .
the little balloons we 're really interesting to him .
we all took turns playing with him .
he wore some of his new clothes home .
our baby with his first teddy bear
he had great time playing with the balloons
grandpas gift to our son
grandma showing our son his new toy car
blowing out his first birthday cake candle
little [male] was thrilled to get a new toy .
birthdays are n't complete without balloons .
grandpa [male] even got little [male] a mini sweater .
grandma [female] showed little [male] another new toy , a car !
we let little [male] blow out a candle and go to sleep .
getting the novelty toys ready for tonights party .
we put wacky mustaches on the cups because we are crazy like that .
and here i am with a wacky mustache , my buddy didnt need a fake one .
heres a burt reynolds cake because we are such cool hipsters !
all in all the burt reynolds party was a definite success just look at the man himself .
we got some fake mustaches for bill 's birthday .
we had a lot of fun with them .
do n't miss out on the fun !
we had an awesome cake .
it was a very fun day .
we got mustache equipment from the store .
everyone put on mustaches in the office .
it was a silly yet fun celebration .
the cake was delicious and succulent .
we celebrated in mystery together .
this was our mustache part preparation .
we spent a while taping these mustaches to the cups .
we took funny photos as we waited for guests to arrive .
when [female] got here , we gave him his cake which he was impressed with .
of course , people wanted to take a picture with the inspiration for the mustache party .
we are getting the party favors ready for everyone when they arrive .
we put mustaches on all the cups for the party .
we are just goofing around before the guesses arrive to the party .
the candles on the cake are lit and waiting to be blown out .
we took our picture with favorite mustached man [male] selleck .
[female] and [male] were a young couple ready to start a family .
they decided they 'd start with a new dog they named trixie .
trixie was very grateful to be rescued and gave big kisses .
[female] made a great mom where trixie was concerned .
[female] and [male] lived with trixie happily ever after .
we love our dog [male] .
we got [male] a new toy .
[male] really loved it .
we where both happy for our dog .
our dog really likes our home .
my partner and i love to take pictures .
my dog also loves to get involved .
the dog is sometimes too energetic .
but we still love him and he makes us happy .
we love life together .
we tried to take a couple selfie
the dog interrupted our photo session
he would n't stop licking my face
she ended up taking a photo with the dog
we then took and uninterrupted photo
our day started off bad when [male] did n't want to wake up .
i played with leeroy for a good amount of time .
[male] could n't resist getting licked on the face by leeroy .
i fed him and he is one happy dog .
i took another picture at the end of the day and [male] was in a better mood .
we woke up really early that morning .
we took my small vehicle to the ranch .
the ranch has a garage with a variety of tools .
we played some video games and had fun .
the mechanics brought beer to the party .
we got ready for the big party .
everyone arrived .
we got a large beer keg .
we had a lot of fun playing games .
waste not what not !
it 's bright and early in the morning and there 's a lot to do today .
people will be over to work on some things with me .
some will be helping me work on cars .
some of the guys will come in and play some music with me .
we will have fun no matter what we are doing .
the boys got there early , just as dawn was coming up .
soon they had all arrived .
first to the garage for some maintenance and repairs .
then chilling with some guitar/rock hero . the drum kit was worth it .
capping of the day with some beers .
tonight we had a get together with all of our friends .
a lot of people showed up at our house .
they even spent time in the garage working on cars .
then they got together to play instruments .
at the end of the day they finished it off with a few beers .
we let her play with her clothes .
but really she wanted to play with her dolls .
my wife brought her cousin up in another high chair and gave them cupcakes .
they tried the frosting and it got on their faces .
we cleaned up and took a group picture afterwords .
today was our twin 's birthday .
they both got new toys .
and then we ate some cake .
our family was very happy .
we really enjoyed that day .
the twins had a great party . they were both princesses .
they both liked the dolls .
they had cupcakes , but were too young to be excited by the sight of sugary treats .
then family photos . all the kids finally quit wiggling .
and one picture with the grandparents . the twins were obviously tired of pictures .
today the twin girls got to celebrate their birthday .
they got all kinds of birthday presents .
they even got to eat delicious cake .
they are messy eaters so they got cake on their face .
the entire family was there to celebrate .
the twins were celebrating their second birthday .
one of the presents they got was a doll .
they blew out the candles in their cupcakes .
they posed for a picture with their new dolls and the other kids in the family .
more people squeezed onto the couch for a birthday picture with the girls .
took the train to my hometown for christmas service .
here are my best buds . love hanging out with them .
my mom and little brother being goofy as usual .
the cake we 're having after service at church tonight .
a beautiful service at church . the choir sang amazing as usual .
the town of location loved christmas .
[male] had the idea of inviting his family over to see the festivities .
aunt [female] and [male] his nephew , came over .
they bought a funny cake to celebrate baby [male] 's birthday .
they ended the day by joining a group of carolers .
there was a long road to travel to the party today .
this couple 's excitement shows as they enjoy the day .
mother and son share some silly time at the party .
this unique cake will surely please the guests of honor .
the choir poses in front of the alter decorated for the holiday season .
a desolate train station on a cloudy day .
a friend poses for a picture looking playful .
a mom and son pose playfully for a picture .
artfully decorated cake for a party .
the choir gathers to sing at christmas time .
[female] grew up on the wrong side of the tracks .
today , he 's doing all right and has a fiancee .
everyone thinks she looks like [female] 's mom .
for his 25th birthday , [female] got a very unusual cake .
at christmas , you can always find [female] practicing with the choir .
we began our day eating breakfast at the restaurant .
next , we went to the rodeo to see the cowboys .
we took a picture with the rodeo cow .
then we went to the beach and took some additional photos .
we ended our day the the monument in downtown .
they were starting their day with a meal before sight-seeing .
they really enjoyed the horses .
it was fun inside the astronaut suit .
they were practicing their mime skills on the location memorial .
they were really amazed at the cannons on the battleship .
one of the first stops on vacation.we were so hungry .
at the ranch we got to pet a huge horse .
we learned to milk a cow . wow !
this was a very pretty view on our vacation .
look at these guys being silly .
the three friends met up at a restaurant . they had n't seen each other in years .
they were on a trip together and the first thing unexpected thing they saw was a cowboy and horse in location .
they visited the smithsonian , and got to pretend to be astronauts .
they then visited the location location . they enjoyed doing the funny poses that they saw other tourists doing .
in the afternoon , they went on board the organization organization , and got to pretend they were gunners on the battleship .
family day today , we had such a great time !
we went and saw some horses on the beach !
my brother decided it 'd be fun to milk a cow , haha !
we went for a nice walk onto the pier .
we saw some pretty amazing buldings today as well !
today was grandpa 's birthday .
a lot of people came .
the cake was amazing .
it took a long time to make .
we had a great time .
[male] was a cranky old guy .
but he was blessed by a family that loved him so much they threw him a party .
the played unusual games .
they ate a yummy , fruity cake .
when it was over , cranky old [male] smiled .
the man stopped by the cafe to look at me .
he brought his family to take a picture .
then his family took a picture of me .
the food served at the venue was top notch .
we all laughed and had a great time together .
we celebrated grandpa 's birthday at a local restaurant .
the entire family showed up !
the cake was a work of art , with sliced fruit arranged on the top .
we cut grandpa out the first piece .
my aunt was n't happy with the fruit on her piece of cake .
my father was surprised when i used my camera to take pictures .
the waiter insisted that we have a picture together as a family .
as a joke , my sisters wanted to take a photo of the main photographer , me !
the cake for my father was topped beautifully with fruit .
overall , my father had a wonderful birthday and went home with a big smile on his face .
her mom and dad prepare a beautiful birthday cake for [female] .
after swimming , all of the girls go home to [female] 's house .
it 's [female] 's birthday and to celebrate , she goes swimming at a local pool .
many of [female] 's friends also go swimming with her .
finally , before her party ends , [female] and her friends enjoy a sleepover together .
birthday time for our daughter , they only come once a year but never seem to stop .
she had a sleepover with all her friends , dont stay up too late girls !
snuck in on them jumping on the bed . those rascals .
in the morning i took them to the local pool so they can get a good swim in .
she loved her birthday and taking pictures with her friends . see ya all next year .
the cake was nicely decorated .
the friends were all happy together .
my daughter had a lot of fun there .
all of the girls were glad to be invited .
the party was a success !
we celebrated my daughter 's birthday today .
we invited all of her friends .
they had a blast in the pool .
everyone was happy to swim on this hot day .
their favorite part was the pajama sleepover part though .
the cake turned out so well and it made her smile .
my daughter 's friends are always polite when they come over .
a quick swim in the pool sounded nice .
the other girls do n't have pools at their houses .
right before bed , the girls pose in their pajamas .
just got the cake for our kids birthday , how delicious does that look ? !
we let him open a few presents before we ate , little guy loved this one .
here he is lighting some candles . easy tiger dont burn the house down !
i wondering what hes wishing for ...
outta the way little bro this cakes mine ! maybe next year !
the boy was so excited to be celebrating his birthday .
he blew out his candles with his brother watching .
he cut the cake and ate it
then it was time to open presents .
he got exactly what he wanted and was a very happy boy .
i held a birthday party for my kids !
they were so surprised they did n't know what to do with themselves . they were jumping off all the walls !
the first thing we had them do was cut the cake , we knew we could n't get them to sit down after they opened their presents .
they were so bemused i could hardly stand it .
here 's the only photo we managed to keep them still for -- they loved it !
the cake was magnificent .
my son was very happy to get many presents .
he cut his cake very delicately .
his brother said that he wanted a cake just like this one .
they both took a picture with the cake .
the cake has big rockets on it , just like mikey had asked for .
he discovered another present near the fireplace .
teach a boy how to light candles and he will be set for life .
he makes his wish before blowing out the candles .
him and his brother had a fantastic night celebrating mikey 's birthday .
the party planner was picking out the music .
the guests arrived ready to have fun .
and they certainly did .
after the festivities they broke into the cake .
everyone bundled up to walk home after the fun evening .
tonight is this couple 's first date .
they are going to a friend 's goth party .
you ca n't have a goth party without spider cake .
everyone is happy and having a good time .
it is a great night for a party .
sexy kat having a wild night
[male] and he bff posing to remember the night
another bff he was so funny everything he uttered was hilarious
the delish treats we enjoyed
gay pride is totally acceptable
dent always loved to party with the girls .
sometimes he would have crazy hairstyles to impress them .
but the girl he wanted to impress was way too interested in other things .
he was jealous of [male] who always got the best looking girls .
sometimes he would get those girls . but only after [male] did
a woman was looking up a recipe , because she had a craving for some cake .
she invited some friends over to help eat it .
everyone passed around the plates
and the woman handed everyone a piece .
everyone enjoyed the cake except for the guy in the blue shirt .
i went out for a photography session around town . my first shot was of my wife being silly .
next i found some vibrant purple flowers .
sotos market sign always brings back memories as a kid .
looks like this place has all there ducks in a row .
last picture is the awesome sign of my favorite bar .
we tried to visit miss bess , but she was not home .
so we hopped in the car .
we had a lovely lunch .
we hit the market to pick up some food .
we got miss bess her prescription . [female] she 's home now !
at the pier today just taking random shots . do n't i look good with a mustache .
pretty purple flowers these are more amazing in person .
went to soto 's market to get some fruit .
look at all the ducks , that 's funny .
went to mozzi 's saloon to wet my whistle , seriously though , i was thirsty .
we got a little silly heading out on the town .
we also took time to take some really cool pictures .
we then went to hit up the local shops .
they sold a wide variety of things .
then we stopped off for a few beers .
my new girlfriend can be somewhat hipsterish sometimes .
the photos she takes are awesome though . she takes a lof of macro shots .
sometimes she goes through an architecture phase .
this week she is really feeling the street photography thing .
i think she gets some of her best work by just wandering the streets .
the [male] family reunion was chosen to be out in the country this year .
grandma made her famous cobblers for dessert .
cousin [male] came home from college and was shocked by cousin [female] 's presence .
even podo had a great time and a full stomach from all the treats he was getting .
both my aunts settled an old argument and ate together .
we made all kinds of new friends at the festival .
this really was the world 's best yoghurt !
we got to try so many different beers .
the pastries were great as well .
we were n't ready to leave after the fun we had .
the entire family gathered around for a photo .
then we all had apple pie .
and [female] and [male] danced in the grove .
[male] wanted to take part but was a bit antsy about everyone there so he stayed inside the fence .
it was a very enjoyable day .
it was a great day for a reunion and the people gathered together .
there was food and music for everyone .
old friends danced and cherished memories of old .
even the dog was not left out of the festivities .
everyone gathered around the table and shared their thoughts about how much they have grown .
a photograph of friends before the festival .
deep dish apple pie in the heart of apple country .
husband and wife celebrate the day in the fresh air .
petting the nice dog and making friends .
taking a break after the festival for dinner and drinks .
the stage was set for what could be grandpa 's last surprise birthday party .
[male] brought a bottle of wine to help him get through the boredom .
the crowd gathered and the party began .
he was pretty annoyed to be missing matlock , but smiled anyways .
grandpa struggled to cut through the mighty cake . he just wanted to get it over with so he could return to the tv .
my grandpa had a real nice party for his birthday
everyone came out
he had a great time with the cake
we al o invited a couple of friends
his grankids also cam eout .
i went to the banquet last weekend .
i brought a bottle of wine for everyone .
they were all glad that i brought it .
i met a lot of new and interesting people there .
they had a huge cake as well .
this is a picture of a man .
this is a picture of a birthday party .
this is a picture of a cake .
a bunch of people are talking .
this is a picture of a woman and a child .
my grandfather celebrated his 84th birthday on tuesday .
our family put together a small birthday party for grandpa [male] .
grandpa [male] cut his cake after we completed dinner .
everyone who came to the party seemed to have a lot of fun .
my daughter was especially happy with the birthday cake .
we decided to drive to a trail .
we came across this usual looking rock .
we also came across a lot of birds .
we found a ginormous boulder .
we reached the end of the trail and we stayed up there taking photos for awhile .
[male] and his friend decided to head to vegas .
they stop at the grand canyon on the way there .
they find this ancient old rock and take a picture of it .
then a little crow flies by and lands on the road .
after that [male] takes a picture of the location location .
where is this place with all these weird rock formations .
we may need to get out and get a closer look at the place .
the inside of this rock is so very interesting .
there is mostly tumble weed around , what will the bird eat ?
this place is so wonderful and filled with the natural world .
i decided to go on a road trip through the desert .
i had been on many road trips before but i 've never travel to the desert .
their site along the desert road that i had never seen before .
i was surprised to see that most of the wildlife just consisted of birds eating some roadkill .
overall it was a great trip and i can not wait to go again .
i went on a road trip last weekend .
i saw a lot of interesting things .
there was a crow on the road there .
i spent some time looking at all the rocks .
they were very big .
today i celebrate my 1st birthday , yayyyy !
the only thing i care about is eating cake , cake , and more cake .
they thought i was kidding when i said i wanted cake all day .
these cupcakes were the highlight of my party but i was n't able to eat any .
i showed my disapproval to my parent 's not allowing me to eat cupcakes by giving them this puppy dog face .
our princess [female] turned one !
the guests ate these tiny cupcakes .
the best cake was saved for [female] .
our little princess was not so lady-like as she dug in by the handful .
afterward , grandma helped hose her down in the sink .
my niece just celebrated her first birthday .
she tasted a little bit of the cake with her fingertips .
she liked it , and smashed it into everything , some of it made it into her mouth .
for the guests , cupcakes were on the menu .
a quick bath and she was ready to socialize .
it was my baby 's birthday .
he started to eat his cake .
he put the cake all over his face .
more cupcakes were going to be served to guests .
we cleaned up the baby .
today was [female] 's 2nd birthday .
she had gotten a pink cake since that was her favorite color .
too bad she does n't have any table manners !
the homemade cupcakes my mom made had little tiaras on the top of them .
but [female] was n't too keen on the tiaras as a cupcake topping .
it is time to open his present , i wonder what he got ?
the anticipation builds as he looks in the box !
appears he got a pair of boxers , a very practical gift .
do n't forget to read the birthday card , that is often the best part .
a thank you kiss to the gift giver is often appreciated !
it was the man 's birthday and he received a card from his girlfriend .
also presents ! he was excited to see what was inside .
giant boxer shorts ! the man tried them on and posed for a picture .
even the dog came to wish a happy birthday .
afterwards , late night drinks to finish off the day 's celebrations in style .
i was sitting around with my wife , when she suddenly surprised me with a present .
i had forgotten it was my birthday ! it was amazing of her to have reminded me .
she got me some underwear -- an inside joke .
i got a beautiful letter with a nice gift card from her .
i love her more than i could ever express !
it was my friend 's birthday again .
his girl has bought him several gifts .
i think he enjoyed the new paid of boxers the most .
cards were nice too apparently .
he was very happy that she had shown her love on that day .
i had something special for [male] when he got back to his room .
the box looked completely mysterious to him .
it turns out the gift was a pair of boxers and disappointment .
i did write him a nice birthday card to make up for the lousy gift .
the day ended perfectly with a passionate kiss .
mom was hard at work making a cake for her daughter 's birthday .
she drove it to the party , eager to see everyone 's reaction .
the cake looked beautiful and took pride of place on the party table .
everyone found it delicious and ate far too much .
the next day , they all ate healthy meals to balance out the calories !
time for the birthday celebration , this is the cake getting a ride home .
the birthday boy 's favorite dish is anything seafood , so i started with lobster tails .
he also really likes oysters so i made sure to get those too .
here is the meal all prepared and ready to eat !
i think the cake was a big hit , hope they save some for me !
started cooking the butter to make this awesome cake , its going to be great .
got the cake all baked , now its time to drive over to my friends house .
he loves the cake ! we set it up for his sons 5th birthday .
dosnt that look delicious ? cant you just eat that all day ? !
after cake we needed something healthy to eat so i made this salad .
we picked up the cake and carefully drove it home .
but first , it was time to prepare the main course , starting with the lobster .
we left the clams draining in the caulander as the lobster cooked .
a delicious dinner was served to the guests .
the cake we 'd so carefully transported home was enjoyed by all , at the end of the meal .
the cake was very delicious .
there were many treats there .
we had some oysters too .
the meal was very basic .
the plate was red but still nice .
well it 's that time of year again , to celebrate [male] 's birthday .
we all got together at the mexican restaurant .
we all had a really good time .
the bartender was the best .
and the best part was embarrassing [male] by putting the sombrero on him and singing happy birthday .
my family decided to go out to local spanish diner to eat and have a few drinks .
a few drinks in , my lightweight sister was already feeling the effects of her shot .
dad was having a good time i can tell because he usually flips people off when he does n't want his picture taken
mom had a few shots and decided to wear the sombrero around the place because it looked like fun .
my brother was disappointed because he had to be the designated driver tonight .
my partners love to go to this italian restaurant .
i brought my family members and they showed out .
my uncle decided to give the most remarkable pose .
my aunt was a conquistador .
i 'm glad that my nephew was acting normal .
we got together after work at a mexican restaurant .
some of us were feeling a bit silly .
still , others were feeling a bit cheeky !
i think we all took a turn wearing that hat , and all of us had a great time !
well , maybe not all of us .
it was [male] 's turn to make his friends laugh .
he leaned in closer and closer until he got everyone 's attention .
[male] pulled all the attention away from [male] .
even [female] did n't notice [male] , and she is his love interest .
in the end , [male] gained respect by wearing a sombrero .
i spent all day knitting .
it took me a long time .
i made so many different designs .
i had a great time .
there were so many pieces that i sold .
[female] makes pockets .
the pockets go on garments .
they come in a variety of colors .
no two are alike .
she sells them in her online store .
my kindergarten class made felt images today .
i was really impressed with how they turned out .
[male] did a really good job with the boat . the backdrop of the felt makes it look like the boats floating on the ocean .
it was [female] 's birthday , so [male] made a birthday felt for her . it 's so cute i think i will let [female] take it home with her .
this is one of my favorites . it 's so simple , yet the design is very interesting , and the message is one everyone can appreciate .
i like to be creative and offer a new experience to baby blankets . like this boat blanket .
or may be i could design one for a special birthday occasion .
this one is one that i created for valentines day .
how about a quiet home where the family is nestled in their coziest spots
or a penguin that is ready to conquer the tallest glacier .
the class craft for the day was felt work .
the kids ' creativity never ceased to amaze teacher [female] .
first prize went to [male] , for his sail boat under the sun .
second prize went to [female] , for her birthday cake and gift .
and third place went to [female] , for her heart red clover .
[male] walked into the room thinking it was just a normal evening .
he was ambushed and forced to put on a humiliating shirt .
it was his 40th birthday and his friends really wanted to rub that in .
his youngest son even told him how old and gross he looked .
he was forced to entertain like a dancing monkey and held a grudge for many years .
happy 40th birthday old man !
we baked a special birthday cake for you .
now it 's time to open your presents .
here is your new transportation .
we added a sign so you would n't get lost . happy birthday !
the man who was celebrating had a great smile .
we gave him a black shirt so people knew he was the subjct .
we also gave him a name tag to identify himself .
he made my nephew feel very important .
we were very glad these he was a part of our family .
my father celebrated his birthday last night .
he had to wear a funny over the hill shirt .
my mom got him a walker for his birthday since he 's over the hill now .
i helped my dad open his presents at the table .
at the end of the night my dad was using the walker my mom got him .
[male] 's birthday party was yesterday .
he turned 40 years old .
people got him gag gifts to show his age .
they even got him a child to show him he 's old enough to be a dad now .
he broke his legs and had to use a walker for the rest of the party .
me and my friends went to the park last weekend .
we were all very cold .
we had a great time together .
we took some of the plants from the park home .
it was a lot of fun .
today i decided that this giant vase would be the subject of our impromptu photography session .
i gathered a few of my closest friends to be silly because that 's what we do when we get together .
here , we are pretending to be trees and my bff is rubbing on my invisible boobs .
this is the final picture with our lovely vase of bush ! i think we all look lovely and ca n't wait
you ca n't have a picture without a filter these days , and this black and white was the hit of the day .
november we all went to the park .
it was a little chilly and i wish i wore a jacket .
we got someone to take a total group photo .
too bad the cold killed out plants .
rip plants . guess that 's part of the weather getting colder .
zack climbed a tree that morning .
he later met wtih friends , and did n't wear a coat , even though it was quite cold .
he liked to always wear his plaid sweater .
he went out for a bit , and came back with a tray of flowers .
we all posed with the flowers . zack was so proud of his friends . i miss him every day .
he has n't seen his friends in a long time .
the three have been friends for a long time .
his wife was happy to see his friends too .
he got them all a nice plant
the friends were all very happy about the plant .
we had a birthday party for my wife yesterday .
she got many presents from family and friends .
we also got her a cake that was quickly eaten .
the slices kept flying off the tray until none were left .
we did n't even give the dog a piece of cake . it was a great day .
happy birthday , [male] !
happy birthday , jenn !
someone does not want to celebrate .
[male] , the dog , is actually one of the honorees .
birthday kisses for everyone !
the presents were wrapped very effectively .
my wife displayed some of the gifts .
the cake was circular and thick .
we bit a huge slice in the delicious cake .
my dogs were very happy that night .
today is my coworkers birthday , and i got her a special gift .
she enjoyed the gift card that i got for her .
the office pooled together and got her a well decorated cake .
it was the best of both worlds , chocolate and vanilla .
it was so tasty , even my dog wanted a taste .
it was [female] 's birthday , she was so excited .
she got a gift card from her mom .
and she also made her a cake .
everyone enjoyed the cake a lot !
later grandma entertained the family by showing the tricks the dogs could do .
it was johns birthday so his friends threw a party .
several people he had n't seen for awhile showed up .
they bought him his favorite kind of cake with whipped cream frosting and strawberries .
his girlfriend enjoyed it too .
later that evening they shared some beers and talked about old times .
everyone had gathered at the apartment for [male] 's birthday party .
we were having a great time eating snacks and talking .
[male] brought out a cake they had ordered and showed everyone .
we gave the cake to [male] who said he loved it .
everyone ate the delicious cake and had a great time at the party .
a group of friends got together to celebrate their friend 's birthday .
there was cake and plenty of adult beverages .
[male] got a great photo cake for his birthday .
his friends were wowed by how well the cake was crafted .
[female] , meanwhile , was more interested in clowning around .
`` who 's a party animal ? this guy right here . ''
the friends snuggled up on the couch to take some photos .
`` who needs silverware ? ''
`` i love cake ! i 'm going to eat it right now ! ''
everyone that attended the party had a great time .
here is me giving the finger to the world !
my friends thought it was pretty funny though .
i was given the birthday cake on the condition that i eat it whole .
apparently that also applies to everyone else too !
we round out the night with some food , drinks and games .
i celebrated my birthday with a cake .
my son and i admired the cake .
then we both blew out the candles .
this is one of the gifts i received .
someone also bought an extra cake , just for fun .
mom 's 48th birthday was celebrated on the fourth of july .
we went swimming for hours .
my daughter had a blast being with grandma .
[female] also loved spending time with aunty [female] .
grandma loved all her presents .
my sister recently celebrated her 48th birthday .
her grandson , [male] , was there for the party .
he just had to help grammie blow out all those candles !
she loved the family portrait they gave her .
i brought a patriotic dessert for after dinner .
the family gathered to celebrate a birthday .
they enjoyed playing in the pool .
it was a beautiful summer day .
the babies were fun to see and hold .
they share old memories , and created new memories .
what a day . it was my mom 's 48th birthday and she 's also a grandma .
that 's her grandson and that 's a lot of candles .
so the two of them take breaths and blow them all out .
we got her a beautiful family portrait - she loved it .
my sister made a special patriotic cake . it was also the 4th of july !
it was a road trip .
a very long road trip .
an extremely long road trip .
it was a tiring road trip .
finally ! dinner !
everyone was gathered together to celebrate [female] 's birthday .
we went to a wonderful hibachi restaurant for dinner .
the restaurant had an open kitchen so we could smell the delicious food cooking .
we gave [female] her birthday cake after eating dinner .
everyone had a great time and [female] loved her night out .
the happy group ca n't wait to get to the big party in style .
the gang 's all here to help celebrate this special day .
the kitchen prepares to serve up some deliciousness to the guests .
she welcomes in another year as she blows out the candles on her cake .
they all had such a fun time celebrating another birthday with the group .
my friends from location flew into town .
we met a restaurant to celebrate their return .
it was a local restaurant .
we had cake to celebrate , too .
i was sad that they would have to leave the next day .
the gang piled in for the long drive to the family reunion .
after a few hours of talking some of us fell asleep .
eventually most were napping on the long road trip .
we finally arrived and it was time to wake everyone up .
here 's the hall we rented for the gathering . those who slept were feeling refreshed .
it 's my birthday today , i am so excited !
my birthday cake is a monkey , my favorite animal .
next we opened presents .
i got so many great gifts .
i love my new book .
it was the boy 's birthday and he had a big bag of presents .
including what he 'd been hoping for , a yellow truck !
the boy loved monkeys and had a specially themed cake .
which he happily devoured in no time at all .
grandpa was happy to see everyone having such a special time .
our little boy was so confused on his birthday .
we got him a monkey cake and we think he likes it .
he was really happy to open up the big gift bads .
he told us which presents he wanted to play with .
out of all the electronic stuff , he picked up the book to read .
[male] did n't get much sleep last night because today is his birthday .
his favorite animal is a monkey so i got him a monkey cake .
his aunt [female] got him a big gift .
[male] had more fun opening the gift than realizing what it was .
he read that children 's book until it was time for fun .
[male] had no idea what was in store .
his mother made him a special monkey cake for his birthday .
he received so many presents .
he showed his mom the best present he received .
he even pretended to read the book !
we attended a kite festival .
there were many different designs !
even the dog was having a great time .
many people took turns flying kites .
we walked home after a great day !
the owner takes his dog out to a local park .
after a short rest the canine is ready to begin it 's walk around the park .
the owner and the dog decide to move to a new area of the park
the owner and the dog jump across a ditch
they eventually find a good spot and watch the people fly their kites .
we took the dogs out for a tiny walk .
it was a nice , foggy spring day , but the dogs were really lethargic for some reason .
when they saw the sheep through the fence , though , they really perked up .
here 's rusky growling at them !
after that , we hit the park and threw the frisbee around a bit ; they loved that .
the park was filled with activity .
kites were flying from all over .
some people brought their dog to play with .
many celebrated in the field with their colorful kites .
some just walked around and enjoyed the day .
today was the festival of outdoor fun in my country .
this kite was the most complex one i had ever seen .
my dog scrap has a hard time keeping up on walks .
the park was filled with people having fun .
a walk with my lover is the perfect end to the festivities .
the man ventured out to spend a day soaking up some culture .
he sees the steps of the egyptian museum and decides to go in .
upon entry he is already impressed by the intricate design of the ceiling .
he enjoys watching the various ancient paintings .
then he finishes his tour with a look at the statues .
it was a cold day to visit the museum !
first we saw an outside piece on the way in which we thought was interesting .
inside there was a big egyptian exhibit including hieroglyphics .
there was some optical illusion artwork such as this piece .
near the end we viewed some sculptures including this one which was very cool .
the only barrier is yourself
museum trip on a monday !
the magnificent images on the vaulted ceilings were god like
hieroglyphics were mysterious and cryptic
the unchanging conformity of modern day glass manufacturing
the family went to the new museum in town .
as they walked up to the stairs , banners advertised some of the exhibits .
a world renowned painter painted the ceiling .
one of the exhibits was a newly found ancient egyptian drawing .
the museum had pre civil war glass bottles on display .
we had an interesting trip to the museum of art . the art starts outside with these illusions .
even the building itself is a work of art .
i wondered how difficult it was to paint these ceilings .
the museum even had ancient art .
i did n't realize how beautiful glass could be .
thehome and the whole neighborhood were covered with snow .
the lounge chair was iced over .
the car even had some snow on it .
but a bird could still use the feeder .
and a squirrel sat and ate a nut .
yesterday 's storm caused power outages to hundreds in the area .
people were stranded , stayed home and local businesses had to close .
residents were advised to go slow with snow removal to prevent injuries .
even local wildlife was affected .
local residents helped their furry friends find food .
while going out to shovel , i take a quick picture of my house .
the deck and chair is full of snow that i have to clean off .
my car is parked in its space safely shielded from snow covering it .
while cleaning the deck , i see a bird on the birdfeeder with some snow .
the squirrel is on the ledge eating away at its food .
it snowed all day yesterday for the first time .
we could not use the deck , there was snow everywhere .
the car stayed under the car porch . we need snow tires now !
glad that there are still seeds , and the birds are fed .
everyone is hungry and the squirrel is out eating too !
the first snow of the season has fallen .
the people are unable to leave their house due to dangerous road conditions .
shoveling by hand can be very hard work .
but , the beauty of the snow can be captivating .
the animals know winter has arrived .
the birthday girl was ready for her special day .
the opened presents .
they all played birthday games .
then the cake was brought in , and they all sang happy birthday .
the birthday girl blew it out with gusto and everyone ate .
i was getting restless waiting for all of my friends to show up for my birthday party .
eventually we heard a knock and the door and everyone had arrived !
we had a pretty blue cake that i had to blow candles out on .
i loved all of the gifts that everybody gave me .
it was the best birthday party i 've ever had .
here is the birthday girl , [female] !
she has friends and family over to celebrate .
birthday games are played .
her mom presents the mermaid birthday cake to the party !
[male] blows out her candles as she makes her wish !
guess what day it is !
it 's my birthday !
we get to pay games
we get to eat cake
and i blow out the candles !
birthdays are always better with balloons .
the children at the party played games with the balloons .
here is the birthday girl with her pretty cake .
the birthday girl played pin the shells on the location location .
everyone had a really good time .
i went to the party last night .
we had a lot to drink there .
the pie was very good .
we ate all of it .
i drank and talked on the phone at the same time .
the crew is gathered for a party !
everyone is excited and having fun .
happy birthday , [male] !
someone baked a strawberry tart .
it was delicious , by the looks of how little leftovers there were .
[female] always made a stank face at the camera .
i was the official photographer for [male] 's birthday .
[male] was n't a fan of cake so we got him a birthday pie .
i wrote his name using whip cream instead of paying a cake decorator to do it .
by the time we blew out the candles , the pie was gone in less than 3 minutes .
my boyfriend [male] is a great guy . i wanted to make his birthday very special .
we went to a park in the city with our friends .
i had made [male] a huge birthday strawberry pie . he likes pie better than cake , and strawberries better than anything !
i wrote on it with cream cheese frosting writing .
i think the pie was a hit !
we decided to go out and take pics of us having fun !
we just love a nice glass of wine !
the food was simply divine ! it was delicious !
there was enough food to go around for everyone !
after the food , it was time for more drinks !
three girlfriends thought , `` let 's have a party ! ''
[female] brought buckets of ice .
[female] brought the bottles .
guys showed up . surprise ! the three girlfriends party was a huge success .
they all found boyfriends . so three friends became six friends .
[female] and [female] went to the party downtown .
[female] got so drunk that she was falling all over the place .
they took a picture to post on social media .
after drinking some more they ended up taking pictures with frenemies .
[female] even ended up cozying up to her ex boyfriend .
this was the start of a night of bad decisions . the girls took pictures of themselves to remember this night by .
the started off with buckets of drinks because it was buy one get one free night .
guys offered them drinks because the buckets were so cheap . the man carried 2 bottles to their table for them .
as the night wore on , they started taking pictures with more and more guys .
this is the man that one of the girls went back home with .
my gender transformation is complete !
[female] brought my old parts to the party .
the only way you can tell is this tooth right here .
old friends came along to wish me well .
new friends came to wish me well too !
i 'm so glad i went to the reunion ! it was great to see the old gang again .
[female] was just as goofy and funny as i 'd remembered .
[male] has had some back problems , but he 's feeling much better now .
[male] and [male] are both coaching high school baseball -- at rival schools !
but the highlight of the evening was seeing good old rolf , our exchange student buddy -- he flew all the way from location for this !
we took pictures together when the party started .
the bar was empty when we got there and then we sent out the invites .
my other friends soon arrived and then it got heated .
my neighbor came over to dance and hang out .
everyone was excited about coming to my party .
[female] and josh went to [male] 's birthday party .
they were so happy to be going to their first party together as a couple .
they danced all night .
suddenly , they realized they were too drunk to function .
[female] felt like she knew josh better now , after seeing him drunk to the bones .
[male] surprised jen tonight when he popped the question .
of course , she said , `` yes ! ''
everyone got in on the celebration , even uncle [male] .
their parents are so happy for them .
now the planning begins !
karaoke night at o'brien 's bar was a great time .
we ran into some friends we had n't seen in awhile .
we made new friends too .
some of them started dancing on the tables .
we told our new friends we 'd see them again next week on karaoke night .
[male] and jen were together at the party the other night .
jen was celebrating [male] 's return to town .
it was a reunion for a lot of people .
they were dancing on the tables .
tome really seemed to have a great time visiting with everyone again .
happy birthday time ! cant stop father time from coming but we can celebrate it !
oh yeah we get all fancy for birthdays . everybody will love this .
we threw up a bunch of black and white balloons to liven things up .
she loved all her presents even if her face says otherwise .
another year , another great birthday . glad everyone made it this time . see ya next year .
it was a great day celebrating [female] 's surprise 50th birthday party .
we all gathered at [female] 's house and waited for [female] to arrive .
when she walked through the door , she was so surprised .
we all talked laughed and ate for over 4 hours . we had such a great time .
before everyone left , there was a great photo taken of everyone that attended .
it was [female] 's anniversary party , and a beautiful cake was waiting for her .
her coworkers spent the afternoon decorating the room and preparing to surprise her .
when [female] arrived , she was shocked and thrilled that her coworkers threw her a party .
gorgeous place-settings were laid out on the tables in preparation for her anniversary dinner .
after the dinner , [female] and her coworkers gathered for a great group photo .
it was [female] 's birthday , so all her friends got together and got her a cake .
they had a catered meal at one of their homes .
they decorated the house with black and white balloons .
[female] opened her birthday presents sitting in a chair in the living room .
everyone got together and took a photo to commemorate the occasion .
tonight celebrated a birthday for [female] .
friends got together to have a good time .
jokes and a few laughs were shared .
the table was set for a large delicious dinner .
all of [female] 's friends were there to help celebrate .
friends and family are joining to send a young man to college .
his sister poses for a happy picture although she is sad .
this couple is going to miss him as well .
the guys sit and talk about all the fun he will have at school .
the girls pose for a picture to send with him .
it 's going to be a great girls-night-out tonight !
it was [female] , [female] , [female] and myself .
we were out celebrating the engagement of location and [female] .
they are going to married in 3 months .
we all had a really great time . laughing , eating , drinking and dancing !
father and son out for a beer .
both daughters were there for dinner .
the younger daughter brought her guy along .
the boys had a good talk , although the tvs were distracting .
their mom took this picture of the girls .
the guys had a great time and enjoyed the drinks that night .
it was so special being able to meet old friends .
as a new couple , we were happy to be together .
the younger guys mostly stayed to themselves , which was fine as they had a good time .
i am so happy that we will always be friends .
a group of friends go to a bar to celebrate a birthday .
the birthday girl poses with her mother .
she is playing shy and hides behind one of her friends .
this is very exciting because this friend traveled a long way to get to see her friend on her birthday .
finally the night is coming to a close and the birthday girl thanks everyone who came on her special day .
the best place in the world to celebrate new year 's eve .
[female] , [female] and i were gong to have a great evening .
we stared to the top of the building waiting for the midnight hour to be upon us .
we stayed up till the morning sun was up then gathered at the cafe downstairs for some breakfast .
as time went on , [female] fell asleep at the table .
i was in a sad mood so my friends came by to try and sheer me up .
no matter how hard they tried i still felt down .
i thought a little exercise could help .
but instead it made me feel a little dizzy .
in the end i fell asleep will trying to text . boy did we all get drunk .
tonight we got together with friends to have a good time .
on the roof top of the building it was really cold .
inside we had a few drinks to celebrate .
occasionally we would go outside to see the night sky .
at the end of the night everyone fell asleep in their beds .
a few friends were invited back to our new apartment .
we ca n't believe we get to enjoy this view every night .
this wo n't be my exercise routine . i was celebrating !
i stayed awake all night to see the sunrise at my new place .
my husband slept instead , as you can see .
it was so exciting to finally be in the big city .
we felt a million miles away , yet right at home while we were there .
i was happier than ever to be experiencing this trip with good friends .
we had some very good talks on the balcony where we were staying .
this is one vacation that truly wore me out , in a good way .
me and the girls met today at our favorite restaurant .
we ordered some drinks but couldnt wait for the food to arrive .
first up was the cake and wow oh wow it was delicious !
then came the main course which was this great salad , look at those mushrooms !
we love location location and cant wait for next weeks lunch .
as we strolled down the sidewalk . we decided to eat at [female] 's
we stepped inside and looked at the menu .
we placed our orders then found our way to a table and place our number in the stand .
the waitress found our number and placed our food in front of us . i ordered the linguine w/crab meat . it was delicious !
for the finale i had an incredible piece of carrot cake with a side of vanilla ice ceam .
my friends and i went to a restaurant review .
they had numbers for the tables that the food was to go to for us to taste it .
oh , boy , some of it was so good i could hardly wait to taste it .
the plates were heaping with the wonderful food .
when we left the restaurant , i was stuffed but happy .
i wanted to try out a new restaurant in the morning .
the menu was completely handwritten and non-permanent .
we were waiting only for a short while with our table numbers .
the soup and noodles hit the spot .
i could n't help but get dessert before i left .
we had a group lunch at a restaurant called location location .
the menu was so large we had trouble deciding what to order .
we did manage to make a decision on which dishes we wanted to order .
when the food came out it was all amazing and tasted really good .
however the dessert was even better .
today was my sisters 11th birthday and we got her a cake to celebrate .
the family sat around the table and begin singing the happy birthday song .
[female] got to cut the first slice and her younger brother was eagerly waiting his turn
so eager that he began chewing on the candlesticks to get his quick cake fix
afterwards we watched [female] open up all her presents .
the birthday was in full swing , and everyone was excited to see the girl 's presents .
her friends looked on enviously as she opened her great gifts .
dad ended up buried under mounds of wrapping paper !
even the younger kids were having fun .
time to blow out the candles and make a wish .
what a beautiful birthday cake , someone is turning 11 today .
gon na have some friends come over and have some cake with me .
i will cut some pieces for everyone who wants some cake .
my little brother loves to be the clown , he 's always joking around .
presents are always one of tge best parts of a birthday .
today we celebrated [female] 's 11th birthday .
she was ready to blow out the candles and make a wish .
everyone was ready to eat some cake .
all the kids had a good time at the party .
[female] received a lot of gifts from her friends .
it is [female] 's 11th birthday and the family is all there to celebrate .
[female] looks at her cake waiting for the chance to blow out the candles .
after she has blown them out she cuts the cake .
her brother watches amused and excited that it is [female] 's birthday .
[female] 's two younger siblings watch as she opens gifts with some envy .
we were looking forward to skating .
the whole group was here .
some needed a little help .
afterwards we had soup to warm up .
and good music to listen to .
i was ready for some fun .
my friends and i went out to a roller skate park .
afterwards we sat around in the locker room talking .
when we got home my dad was there watching tv .
the girls thought it 'd be nice to cook dinner for all of us .
we got together with friends for a party and skating .
some of us do n't skate very well , so we hold hands .
our friends are a cute bunch all getting ready to skate .
the party was fun too , but it was hard to get everyone up and at it for skating .
there is always good food and friends at our get togethers .
[male] showed up for our skating party , we were all glad to see him .
[male] and [female] took to the ice first and were enjoying themselves .
the gang is all getting their skates on and getting ready to go on the ice .
peters dad , [male] relaxes in the apartment .
[male] is helping [female] in the kitchen prepare the meal .
it 's time for a fun day of ice skating .
many of our friends have joined us for an afternoon of fun .
here we are holding hands and skating to the music .
after such a fun , active afternoon we are hungry .
after dinner music is the best .
[male] was celebrating his birthday . he was a sweet kid .
he first spent time with his parents and it was pretty pg .
he then moved on to his friends which preceded to make him to shots .
[male] stopped being so sweet and had an arrogant side .
he ended up getting arrested that night .
[male] is a fun guy to be around most of the time .
but today he was n't feeling very well and he was giving the finger to the people around him .
his friend [male] looked on at him in disgust .
but [male] just laughed it off and did n't ' care .
he then proceeded to light up a cigarette and blow the smoke in [male] 's face .
today is jasons day !
and , of course , [male] is [male] .
dad gives his annual birthday speech .
while [male] acts like his usual goofy self .
lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke rings . but we love him !
this is my brother , he 's really a pain .
see , a pain who is showing us we are number 1 .
yes , my uncle thinks so too , see the look on his face after my brother pranked him .
my brother , joker . one day we 'll get you !
as he smokes his cigar and does n't ever think that day will come .
[male] loved his picture of jabba the hutt . such a big kid .
beer and wine is flowing freely for the get together .
[male] is finally getting to drink legally . he still looks like he got caught .
oh now we 've had plenty to drink . he 's getting spunky now .
smoking too . man , turning 21 has really changed him .
everyone caught up at the party .
he was the joke teller of the night
we got very full on great food .
we are a good lookin bunch of partiers .
things got sillier as the night went on .
after driving for hours i finally made it to my friend 's apartment .
there were a lot of people there already .
they were very excited to see me .
we took some pictures together .
we all had a great time there .
[male] and some friends came by to visit .
[male] , [male] and [male] catch up on the latest news from work .
[male] and [female] clown for the camera , as usual .
[male] and [female] are two of our closest friends from college .
[female] and [male] get their picture taken with [male] and [female] , this is the first time they have met .
my friend had his going away party last week .
he was trying to tell jokes about it all night .
he gave me a big hug before i left for the night .
it was the last time all us friends will be together for a long time .
right before i left he found some funny masks to wear for photo ops .
i finally met my boyfriend 's buddies .
they 've been friends since 4th grade .
this is his best friend 's fianc .
she 's very shy but they 're a cute couple .
all of his buddy 's are getting married . i hope my boyfriend proposes soon .
i went to the resort yesterday .
there was no one else there .
i had a great time .
i got to use all of the facilities by myself .
the place was very big .
we went on vacation to a four star resort in the location .
the hotel was nice but the view left something to be desired .
all in all we had a good time and were very relaxed .
the inside court was very nice and green .
we enjoyed the pool and will certainly be back .
the restaurant was vacant .
not many people came to eat today .
the chefs did n't have any one to cook for .
the waiters did n't have any customers to get tips from .
everyone was frustrated at the lack of customers .
waiting here with my husband to get a drink .
looking out the window at the view .
the restaurant that we will be eating at later .
the hotel lobby that we staying at .
if it does n't rain , we will eat super outside .
we where staying at this awesome villa .
it had a real cozy feel .
it was so open and spacious .
the lobby was very clean .
plus a great spot for dinner .
the friends all gathered to play games .
they had a really great time together .
she just made a very strategic move .
more games were played as well .
these two friends went head to head .
my friends decided to have a gaming party !
there were card games and board games .
we also played some drinking games .
some people could n't stay up with us .
but the rest of us continued playing all night !
having family game night is something that will stick with me throughout my adulthood .
even as i am older now i still have `` family '' night with my closest friends and family .
we like to have lively board games with drinks so we can play and giggle as if we were little once more .
sometimes we like to play a challenging card game or
we like to simplify and play `` go fish '' . either way we take time out to enjoy our life with one another .
i went to my friends house last week .
we played a lot of games there .
it was a lot of fun .
some people fell asleep on the couch .
i had a great time .
board games were a thing of the past in some households .
but in theirs .
they loved them .
often they played to the point of exhaustion .
they also like puzzles , they had to , they were n't allowed to watch tv .
a few of us decided to hang out friday night .
someone forgot to order the pizza !
the night got crazier and crazier when these two arrived .
you know it 's a crazy night when we are the two acting normal !
it was a great night for friends .
a group of friends decided to hold a party .
everyone was being silly and messing around .
some people were watching tv .
others were drinking .
everyone was sad when it was time to leave .
i got together with some friends the other week .
we did some weird stuff but had fun .
things got even weirder , but with my group of friends it 's always a blast .
look at these two clowns posing . what do they think they 're doing ?
everybody had a great time . there were hugs to go around !
the guys preparing for a night of crazy fun .
[male] pretending to eat a big rubber ball .
[male] and [female] getting crazy together .
[male] and [male] posing for a photo .
[male] smothering [female] in a hug .
i smoked marijuana with my friends for the first time the other day .
it was clear that it was my first time smoking because i tried to eat everything .
i was not the only person in the room trying to eat everything .
all of my friends were acting extremely weird .
some of them even fell in love , if only briefly .
everybody showed up for the party .
they lit the candles on the cake .
everybody got ready to eat and tell stories .
everyone enjoyed the cake and the drinks .
it was a nice evening with friends to remember .
friends gathered for a birthday celebration .
the candles were lit on the cake .
there were so many candles the cake looked to be on fire .
once the candle flames were blown out , the birthday boy sliced the cake .
what a yummy looking cake it is .
the birthday boy has arrived to celebrate his big day .
the many candles are light waiting for the guest of honor .
everyone is so happy to celebrate this day with friends .
he ca n't resist tasting the icing on the birthday cake .
he tries to capture every fun moment as he is captured himself .
here 's the birthday boy ! happy as can be .
he loved the cake they got him but wished they had n't used so many candles .
his lovely girlfriend who planned the whole party , giving instructions on how to play the party game .
his best friend got caught eating a piece of the cake before the birthday boy .
the birthday boy took pictures all night long to remember his birthday by but we were able to get another one of him before the night ended .
[male] was surprised that all his friends were at his house .
they had baked him a cake for his birthday !
everyone was relaxed and having fun .
all of his best friends were there , celebrating the day of his birth .
at the end of the night , everyone had loaded their phones up with memories of the fun time they had .
[male] had gotten a new job promotion and wanted to celebrate .
several friends came by to join in .
some got a little drunk and frisky between each other .
[male] called [male] in the kitchen to tell him the bakery had made a mistake .
somehow they had sent a cake that was suppose to go to a bachelor party .
he started drinking early in the night .
by the evening everyone was tipsy .
it caused people to let loose .
the girls could get guys if they wanted ,
the theme was very adult oriented ,
[male] kicked of his bachelor party with a toast .
all his college buddies came to celebrate .
things got a little weird . too many red solo cups ...
dad tried to give some last minute advice .
of course there was the obligatory boob cake .
the guys were gathered for a wild night .
their spirits were high , and they were having a good time .
the drinks were flowing .
they enjoyed talking , and playing around .
overall , it was truly an eventful night .
[male] sealed the beginning of the party with a toast .
later in the night , [male] and [male] hung out in the back , maybe drinking too much .
[male] was n't even bothered when [male] decided to lick his face .
in the kitchen , [male] and garth were having an intellectual discussion on politics .
in the dining room however , the cake that was brought out was not so intellectual .
the girls went to the cheesecake factory to celebrate a birthday .
the girls ready to go and have some fun .
she was surprised when her desert came with a candle .
she was laughing so hard .
the girls had a fantastic time .
the women were getting ready for the celebration .
she really liked the restaurant and the cake too .
they were all enjoying drinks and conversation with each other .
she has a great sense of humor .
one last picture with the group . it was a fantastic evening .
the ladies were excited for an evening out .
they celebrated a birthday .
they chatted , and told fun stories .
they strengthened their bond .
they were grateful for this fun time together .
there were many restaurants to choose from to celebrate my friends birthday .
the five of us took a vote and let the birthday girl decide .
she was surprised when the waiter turned down the lights and brought her a birthday cake .
she was even more surprised when we made her eat it without using a fork .
later , more friends joined us for even more fun celebrating our friends birthday .
[female] 's friends took her on a day out for her birthday .
they went out to eat and surprised her with a cake at the resturaunt .
they all took turns sharing photos and catching up on their lives .
everyone was having fun and enjoying the night .
in the end , they all had fun and bonded over [female] 's birthday .
suprise ! my cat mr. ritz and i share a birthday .
i baked a birthday cake that looks kinda like mr. ritz .
our friend iggy came over to help us celebrate . he wore his favorite hat .
iggy and mr. ritz got me this for my birthday . i tend to have a sweaty head so i appreciate it .
mr. ritz and i are happy and exhausted after our birthday bash . we had a great time .
to celebrate our sons birthday we made a cake with a cat .
we decided to play cards and my sister dealt them out .
it was an intense card game with much arguing .
before my sons birthday i put a big sign over his shower .
my husband sat with our cat at the party and relaxed .
every birthday is special if we make it so
the kitty cat cake based of of snowball the house cat
[male] shuffling the uno cards to beat them all
[male] 's bald guy head wipes , i knew there was a secret to that shiny dome
snowball and henry lounging after birthday cake
today is my birthday . someone wrote it on my shower curtain .
and this is my cake . not sure if it is a hamster or a cat . either way i 'll eat it .
my girlfriend came over to help eat the cake .
oh funny , very funny gift . not .
now i 'm chilling with my cat . end of the day .
it was the man 's birthday .
he loves cats , so his friends made him a cat cake .
they played a quick game of organization , which the birthday boy lost ,
and as the loser , he had to shave his head and wax it shiny .
but , he did n't mind ; and neither did his pet cat .
i took [female] out for her birthday .
i bought her a big salad .
then we had a tub of ice cream .
i gave her the present i had bought .
this is how much money i had left when it was all over . sigh !
it was [female] 's birthday today .
i took her out for ice cream .
when we got home she opened some gifts .
she got a basket of goodies with a card .
also there was a envelope with coins in it . [female] said she had a great birthday .
[female] has been telling her friends outside work about the food they serve in the cafeteria .
she got this salad yesterday and it was soggy .
she went down the street and got some cold stone ice cream to make up for it .
when she came back someone had left this on her desk .
inside it had this envelope that had change in it she had loaned someone the week before .
a nice cup of strawberry ice cream sure would hit the spot .
she should n't get one but organization .
as a student and working mom she had to live on a tight , tight budget .
when she had to get someone a gift it was usually homemade .
a penny saved was a penny earned her mother had always told her .
i was so delighted when saw what was for desert !
here i am taking my first bite .
sis decided to go with crackers instead .
here is the gift basket we made together .
this is the only money we had left after the extravaganza .
leaving the house to go to gathering with friends .
once arriving the place seems great .
everyone was waiting to go in and party .
we were all having drinks and dancing around .
the desserts they had were delicious .
kelis invited her boyfriend out with her to the restaurant .
they decided to drive organization 's car to the place .
they met with friends at the restaurant .
the food was delicious and served in great quantities .
they had a lot of drinks after .
i 'm getting into my car for a double-date with my friends .
here i am , waiting across the street at the location .
that 's my boyfriend in the sitting next to me .
we finally get to the restaurant to have dinner .
here 's a picture of the other couple we were meeting up with .
the night started with convincing [male] to get out of his favorite chair .
then they loaded up in the car to go to [female] 's birthday dinner .
they met some friends while waiting for a table .
[female] got some birthday ice cream and made a wish .
then [male] made a joke so funny , [female] could barely blow out the candle .
the picture taking started even before we left the house .
my husband took a revenge photo in the garage . this is not my best side .
i had no idea my husband had invited my friends to the restaurant . they were waiting when we arrived .
every server in the restaurant sang to me and i was a little embarrassed .
i was able to blow out that candle , i 'm not a smoker . it was a fun birthday .
we drove up to the spot to get ready to bike on the trails .
my friends came a little late but i was glad to get geared up with them .
i lead the way down the mountain trail .
we headed back to the hotel by the lake .
in the kitchen room , we talked about our hiking trip .
the group of bikers decided to bike on tuesday .
they went down the rocky path with lots of joy .
they could see the ocean from the path .
finally they got to their destination .
they celebrated the end of their bike ride with alcohol .
we were all set to begin our mountain biking adventure .
everyone was prepared : helmets and jackets .
downhill is always the easiest part , but those were some rough rocks at the bottom .
our destination was location location .
at the end of the day , we had a great time remember our adventure .
[female] and her friends decided that today was the day to reach the top of the mountain .
[male] was always the showoff , trying to fly over the jumps .
when they finally got there , they had a perfect view of the lake .
they headed back home and set their bikes away for the night .
they settled in and recalled the memories of the amazing day they 'd just had .
getting ready to set out for the days ride .
you can really get some sweet air off the these hills .
the ride was completely worth it for the view .
finally docked for the night .
finally get a chance to relax after a long days ride .
my intern was very excited to get to work today .
my brother brought his guitar and played some tunes .
they surprised me with a cake at work .
they also brought a cookie !
instead of eating , we just took pictures of it .
birthday cake # 1 . looks good .
birthday cake # 2 . they are making me hungry .
not sure what happened to his eyes after eating the cake , but maybe i should n't eat my piece .
he went crazy after eating his cake too . what is happening ? ?
i do n't even want to know what this is or what 's going on . i do know that these people are never making me a cake again .
he is waiting patiently for the rest of the guests to arrive for the big party .
a special song is played for this very special day .
our darling location has turned one today !
this beautiful cake shows everyone 's love and sentiment for flickr .
the day and cake will never be forgotten as he takes the photos .
the cake in the box smelled so good , i wanted to sneak a piece .
my friend stopped me and had me listen to a song he wrote about a colorful cake .
the cake he wrote about had a candle , lots of colors and the word flicker on it .
the cake in the box did not have a candle or lots of colors , but tasted good .
i took a picture of the cake with lots of colors to give to my friend that wrote a song about it .
the man patiently waits for cake .
the man is playing ac/dc on his guitar .
the cake is colorful and has a 1 on it .
a big white cake that says happy birthday flickr .
a man takes a professional photograph of a cake .
busted out the expensive champaigne for the party today .
even got the chili going , gon na go all out tonight !
everyone started piling in which means picture time .
even added a cake , it wasnt anyones birthday but who needs a reason for cake .
it was a great party we all got loaded up on chili and cake . good times .
it 's not a party without wine and we were fully stocked up on red .
mom scrubbed the house like never before for the upcoming party .
my sister made her famous chili for our guests , it smelled great !
the birthday boy was beaming amongst friends and family .
mom looked great as hostess , even after all that hard work .
tonight we got everything ready for a party .
we cooked chili for everyone .
all our friends got together and had a few drinks .
every got chocolate cake for the party .
everyone at the party had a good time .
for the party we used the side table as an `` open '' bar .
the chili took nearly all day , but i am sure it will be a hit .
everyone had a great time socializing as more and more guests arrived .
once everyone was here , we decided to light the candles on the cake .
it was a full house , but the party was a huge success .
a bar is setup at the apartment in anticipation of guests .
the apartment has been cleaned profusely .
chilli is for dinner and it is cooking on the stove .
the group of friends gathers together for a candid picture .
the hosts pose for a picture and smile because they have done their job well .
we spent the day at the museum today .
we saw all different kinds of things . we read all about rocks .
we also learned about dinosaurs and their lives on earth .
there were skeletons hanging from the ceiling .
as well as different kinds of mammals .
i really dig dinosaurs and today i 'm going to the museum .
it all starts with how the earth began .
i find the planets in our solar system to be quite interesting .
a dinosaur head is quite large and scary .
the body of a dinosaur is quite large , except those short arms .
we visited a science museum .
we saw all kinds of exhibits like ones that talk about rocks .
we even got to see some dinosaur bones .
we got to see all kinds of creatures that live in the water .
they even had statues of animals that lived a long time ago .
the museum we visited included a planetarium .
geology is fascinating and the information was well presented .
the kids were most excited over the dinosaur exhibit .
the dinosaurs were so large i could n't fit them in the photo .
an ancient sea creature very similar to a shark said goodbye to us near the exit .
a girl excitedly poses with a flyer from the museum .
at the museum she learns about the big bang .
she also sees displays of planets hanging from the glass ceiling .
the main reason she came is finally here , the dinosaurs !
she marvels at the sheer size of them .
i invited all of my family to my house last night .
there were a lot of happy faces there .
i had a great time with all of them .
we bought a cake for the night .
we also had some drinks .
today i was thrown a small birthday surprise by my family .
they got me a really awesome cake .
grandpa was very excited to be able to celebrate with me .
the family gave a nice toast to top off the evening .
we took a wonderful family portrait that will definitely be hanging on the wall .
getting ready for some family and friends for dinner .
we always have a good time together .
great conversation is always to happen .
a little drinking will make the night more festive .
love to take group pictures with everyone , great memories .
my family threw me a huge birthday party last week .
everyone was there , even my grandma and two aunts .
my grandma brought her new boyfriend to the party , he was nice .
my family made me this amazing birthday cake .
and my aunts brought birthday shots !
it was a big wedding shower for her .
the family gathered around while she stared at the cake .
the family found her a chair to sit in when she got overwhelmed .
the family toasted her for good fortune .
the family rarely could get together like this .
a family get together for my birthday .
i asked him to play the piano for me , but he was too shy . how cute is he !
now it 's a party , the beer is flowing . these two will probably be the first ones out .
told you ! he ca n't party with the rest of us .
uh oh..who got a picture of me passed out ? ! guess i could n't hang either .
another birthday celebration with lots of food and all the family .
the young one tried to entertain with his piano playing .
grandpa sat and enjoyed the food .
it is always nice celebrating moments with family .
the birthday boy wore himself out from all the eating and visiting .
we had a family get together .
my son showed off his piano skills .
and we spent time talking and drinking .
he passed out .
and the kids got very tired .
the whole family got together for the youngest son 's birthday .
you can see one of the grandkids had a hard time with the piano .
grandpa did n't mind , though . he had a great time telling stories and eating great food .
the brothers and sisters all hung out later listening to grandpa 's crazier stories .
the birthday boy passed out from all the excitement .
the family is gathered for a birthday party .
a boy is having difficulty playing piano .
the husband and wife are having dinner at the table .
the man is tired and resting at the table .
the boy fell asleep after the birthday party .
i had a lovely cake on my birthday .
i celebrated with some friends and family .
i blew out the candles .
then the djs started playing some great music .
everyone started dancing to the awesome sounds .
shanty loved her family and invited them to her lovely birthday .
she ordered the biggest cake at the cakeshop .
she invited all her cousins and the rest of her family .
they danced all night .
shanty loved every second of her party .
my friend 's celebrated my birthday with me .
chocolate birthday cake with lots of candles .
the dj 's played some great music .
everyone was dancing .
it was a fun birthday party .
the husband and wife are happy and getting ready for the party .
the birthday cake is full of a lot of candles .
two friends are having a great time at the party .
everyone is dancing and having a good time at the party .
the husband and wife are having a good time with the rest of the guests .
i was the woman 's birthday .
she blew out the candles on her cake .
the group was heavily celebrating .
they had a party with food and dancing .
the woman thought it was a wonderful party .
my friends and i got together for the evening at my house .
we had different foods to eat .
we also had plenty to drink .
as you can see , we had a great time !
my friends and i try to get together at least once a month .
i just ca n't seem to decide if i should begin snacking or not .
at our party , are a few camera buffs who want to capture the moment .
everyone is intrigued by this little plant .
more snacks tempt me , like this popcorn .
i finally cave in and start with a chocolate covered pretzel .
today was baking day with friends , here are some of the materials .
first up was this awesome cake i made , it was tough but well worth it .
heres my friend [female] , shes always on that dang cellphone .
[female] was already drunk when the party began .
all the gang was here and they loved every second of it .
at the party , there were lots of goodie bags for everyone one .
they even had chocolate fondue .
all of our friends got together to have drinks .
some even told stories for everyone .
everyone had a good time and some even took pictures .
she did not like to get her picture taken .
but it seemed like everyone at the party brought a camera !
they took pictures of everyone .
at least there was delicious food to enjoy .
for dessert , they brought out a chocolate fountain .
today was grandpa [male] 's birthday . everyone came to see him .
our daughter sat with grandama while she read a story to her .
our youngest was there to meet grandpa for the first time . he said that he was a wonderful present .
our older daughter was moody and feeling jealous that her little brother was receiving so much extra attention .
in the end grandpa had no energy to blow out his candles so a few of us helped out .
this is [female] . she was baptized today .
[female] is being held by her mother triana .
this is triana 's mother . she is very proud of [female] .
this is me , i 'm [male] . in the picture is my brother , [male] to my right , my mother holding [female] , and my cousin [male] to the far left .
there was a big sheet cake for the event that had a single candle on it for [female] .
it was good to see the grandparents at the party
grandma got a chance to read to our little girl .
they also met the newest addition to the family .
this little girl was just fed up . the party went on too long and there was too much chatting .
then the cake came out to be enjoyed by adults and kids alike .
the family got together to have a party .
grandmother read books to the children .
even the baby was at the party .
some of the kids was n't having a good time .
everyone had cake at the party .
we were so excited that grandma and grandpa were able to come for the party .
the little on was needing some attention so auntie offered to read her a story .
the new baby is not only a cutie , but he was so happy that day .
his big sister seemed a little upset that he was getting all of the attention .
it was finally time to blow out the candles and cut the cake .
today was the birthday of a young boy named oskar .
his father gave the boy a set of gifts .
oskar was wearing a red shirt , while his younger brother wore a green one .
both boys could n't wait to eat the cake .
although the cake was cut and eaten , the birthday boy saved the tag that had his name written on it .
it was my sons birthday .
he was very excited to start cutting the cake .
we lit the candles and began to cut the cake .
he could n't wait to start eating .
he was very happy to have his brother by his side .
today was oskar 's birthday !
he got a bike , and a necklace from a girl !
his friend [male] came , too .
they enjoyed lots of cake !
he had a great time !
oskar was so excited to get a chocolate cake for his birthday ; chocolate was his favorite !
his dad had really gone all out for his birthday .
his brother rogier was so jealous !
so oskar shared some of his cake , and rogier felt better .
the biggest surprise of all was the gift card to his favorite game store !
my family really surprised me today .
when i woke up my dad called me to the kitchen to ask me a question .
there i was greeted by my younger brother .
they had prepared me a cake for my birthday .
i love my family they always make me smile .
i invited the neighbors to our yard this evening .
there were some kids there .
we decided to have an easter egg hunt .
everyone had a lot of fun .
they got to eat a lot of candy .
it was the first family gathering in years .
grandma and grandpa were so excited to meet their grandchildren .
the little boys had a show to put on for them .
grandma loved it and also loved her present that was from the kids .
they ended it with a family portrait .
the family had a get together at a relatives house .
the little girl was n't so sure because she had n't been to the relatives house before .
the family received some gifts from the family .
the girls uncle got to hold her for the first time .
at the end of the day the little girl was happy to be at the get together .
the family loves getting together for special occasions .
grandma and granda love seeing the grand kids .
the boys listened attentively while their mother spoke .
mom had presents for the entire family .
mom , dad and each child all got presents !
the mothers finally meet each other .
little [female] looks a little worried .
here are all the boys posing around the gift basket .
[male] and [female] share a quiet moment .
[female] is happy to be home with mom .
i ordered pizza for my family yesterday .
there were a lot of family members there .
i had a great time .
our house was very small .
i got to know some of the neighbors nearby .
we had a nice stay-cation with the family at home .
we ate lots of junk food .
had a great time with family .
it was a relaxing time and we could do what we wanted .
my grandmother came to visit and made us all laugh .
having pizza for lunch is great !
mom and dad hold up the baby for a picture .
mom and baby pose in front the christmas tree .
the view of our home from the ridge behind the house .
on the mountain communing with nature .
i looked through my family album so i could find photos to scan .
this is my brother as a child . we was very bright and still is .
he loved sports too , when he did n't have his face buried in a book .
you can see i get my red hair from my dad .
my grandmother died when i was young but i do have some fond memories .
this is our son who we love very much
i think i deserve a little more pizza every kids favorite meal
as a child get to enjoy all outdoors playing and running around
a very special dad proud of my family
my mother is my role model for my family
at [female] 's birthday party , they ate cake .
they had ice cream too .
then they got to do some crafts .
[female] made a silly hat .
everybody had fun making things .
there were many kids at the gathering .
this little girl had a lot of fun .
she made fun art projects .
the girls had tons of fun together .
they were practically inseparable .
the kids are enrolled in a new summer camp , and so far they like it .
my daughter made this hat in art class .
currently , she is enjoying herself , and more importantly , her snack .
she is even learning how to make friends .
this is her new friend abagail .
today is [female] 's birthday party and they are doing arts and crafts .
after painting her party hat she goes to get some snacks .
she only took a few to make sure everyone gets some .
her and her friends talk about what they did in school last week .
her little sister eyes the extra candy on [female] 's plate .
blowing off her candles on her birthday cake .
eating cake with her friend .
kids enjoying the 3 layered cake .
wearing a crown she made herself .
doing arts and crafts .
[female] decided it would be fun to have some friends over .
her friend [female] came over .
then their friend [female] came over and they decided to just have a party .
everybody got a little crazy .
baxter hates it when [female] has people over .
[female] and [male] hosted a movie night at their basement .
[female] invited all her best friends .
they had a potluck before the movies .
once the movies began so did the drinking games .
the next morning all of them were hung over .
we smoked so much weed at my friend 's birthday last weekend .
i could n't believe they got bend it like beckham to show up .
what happened to my panties ? lol do n't care .
we were pretty gone by this point . i do n't remember much else .
i woke up next to this guy the morning after .
everyone likes to have a good time . we all have good times in many different ways .
for me , i like to hang out with my old college buddies .
sometimes we have each other over for drinks .
then in other times we have small parties to get back together and discuss our lives .
we even have [male] who likes to join in on the fun .
i went to my friends house last week .
there were a lot of people there .
i got to meet a lot of new people .
it was a lot of fun .
i even met their dog there .
a couple went out on their first date for dinner .
they ordered the steak .
the girl was very impressed with her meal .
they also ordered dessert .
they were very happy at the end of the date and decided to go on another date the next night !
[male] was taking his date out for a nice dinner .
he order her some nice onion rings .
the sun was setting and they were having a beautiful date .
[male] was enjoying his food as well as the beauty of his date .
his date also was enjoying the food and her dates company .
went to mastro 's organization organization for dinner today .
i am more of a meat and potatoes kinda guy , so i ordered a nice chunk of meat and a large portion of french fries .
my lovely date however ordered fish and fries along with a couple different desert we can pick off of .
chocolate cake was by far the tastiest to me.the extra chocolate syrup was a hit.i could however do without the berries on the side .
from this angle , it looks like she is the pig not me..yea it is all her not me..lol
[male] and his girlfriend were at dinner .
they wanted to make it special so they got a delicious steak .
his girlfriend loved every bite !
next came dessert , equally as good .
they were both so satisfied and happy at the end .
when we were in location on a trip we stopped by a local little cafe for some good food and bread-sticks .
as if the bread-sticks were not great enough the onion rings were to die for .
as the sun began to set we decided to make our way inside the restaurant .
not that i mind , but i 'm not exactly the neatest eater in the world .
i get my revenge however by taking a picture of her as well .
jevon was ready for his party .
his friends took to singing karaoke .
each one trying harder than the last .
jevon enjoyed it and was jamming out .
eventually he got up and belted out a tune or two .
my friends and i decided to have a karaoke night !
some people had to be forced to sing .
others were having a blast !
people were also enjoying some drinks .
the karaoke night was a great idea !
we went to a bar today .
we all decided to sing karaoke .
[male] wanted to sing do n't stop believin .
[male] was excited about that song and played air guitar .
later , he sang his own song .
we got dressed up for some singing .
we did some old tunes and had a good time .
some did better than others .
we rocked out for what seemed all night ,
we sang a few more and then headed out for drinks .
[male] wanted to go out for karaoke with his fun-loving friends .
he invited [male] to come , and he decided to dress in his [male] [male] outfit .
[male] also came , but he dressed casually .
[male] loves karaoke . it allows him to jam out and let go .
[male] is a great singer . he had a great time at karaoke .
welcome to the world , baby girl !
mom and dad have been waiting for you for awhile .
she looks so peaceful sleeping , but not for long i 'm sure .
grandpa is ecstatic to meet you .
grandma is lost for words at the bundle of joy she is holding .
our princess was born hours before sunrise .
it was surreal as i sat there holding our bundle of joy .
she looked just like a doll as she slept peacefully .
dad was thrilled to be a grandpa .
and mom was excited to have a granddaughter .
hi , my name is [female] . i am new !
here i am with my mommy and daddy . are n't they cute ?
being a newborn is awfully tiresome . here i am resting from a long day .
here 's ole gramps ! i love this guy . i know he and i are going to be best of buddies .
you ca n't forget gram-gram . she is the person who will always be there when i am in trouble with my parents .
i was so excited when i found out the baby was born .
she had been pregnant for a long time .
we were all very relieved .
everyone was there to see the child .
it was all very exciting for me .
he weighed 9 pounds 4 ounces .
must have taken after dad .
mom thought he looked like her .
naturally , granddad said he looked like him .
me maw said he looked like her .
[male] had a birthday party today . lots of friends and family came to celebrate .
we barbecued some hamburgers for lunch .
there was also lots of other food to eat .
i baked him a special birthday cake with lots of candles .
it took awhile , but he finally blew all of the candles out . he really liked his special day .
i made a lot of food on the barbecue grill .
there were some toys there for us .
the family was coming soon .
they were here and hungry .
i served all the food for them .
everything was coming together perfectly for [male] 's birthday party.his aunt was helping with some of the food .
his uncle was ready to grill the burgers , which was the main course .
his mom had the condiments ready to be put on the burgers and salads .
his favorite part though was the cake . he could not wait to eat the cake !
everyone sang happy birthday to him , and then he got to eat and open gifts !
our boys were celebrating their birthdays this weekend . they wanted the cake as soon as i brought it out .
it was raining , so we grilled the burgers inside .
we had a full condiment bar for our guests .
after lunch , it was time to light the candles .
the whole family gathered to help blow out the candles .
[female] 's birthday party with all of the family present .
burgers on the grill for the party .
the condiment station for the burgers .
[female] 's birthday cake , with way too many candles .
all of the kiddos trying to blow out the candles .
i met up with some friends at the local skate rink .
after we were done skating we hung out in the arcade .
everyone took a turn trying to win a prize .
we all got a chance to catch up .
it was such a great time , i ca n't wait to do it again .
she was looking forward to doing some roller skating , and grabbing a bite to eat .
she assured him that it would be fun .
how had she ended up sitting alone with her food ? and were those toys looking at her ?
the pile of stuffed toys was a little scary .
she was n't sure she wanted to go into the locker area alone after being freaked out by the pile of big-eyed toys .
[male] and [female] went to the arcade on their first date .
the ran into one of their mutual friends .
look at all the plushies in the pit .
[female] is posing with her brother . he was there with other friends .
the arcade was closing so they had to go somewhere else .
i 'm waiting for [male] to come so we can have fun rollerskating in the arcade .
[male] came on time and got ready to put on his skates .
i worked up an appetite after skating and had a sandwich .
[male] tried to win me a stuffed animal and after 5 attempts he succeeded .
we kept some of us stuff in a locker while we went roller skating .
since he could n't fix the skate they decided to do something else .
[female] arcade .
she wanted a stuffed animal anyway .
he wanted something else but her little brother had tagged along .
he 'd be glad when this date was over .
house warming party for me.just moved in . and my goofy friends came by to celebrate .
we were outside but it sort of migrated indoors around the couch .
there were n't much to sit on so many boxes everywhere.kinda sat on what ever was there..lol
i am fortunate to have great friends.these guys organized the who thing as i was to busy to call everyone .
i 'm to sexy for this party and these glasses.i 'm also glad i moved here , everyone is much closer .
[male] and [female] were coming to the party by walking through the neighborhood .
[female] grabbed a beer and started conversation with her hostess .
inside the house , things were kind of dull . [male] saw the large orange hand and decided to see if it could add a little humor to the get together .
he put it on and put a beer in it and sent outside . it was a little clumsy so he carrier something in his mouth .
his hostess smiled at [male] 's use of the plastic hand . the party was better than some and worse than others .
what a nice view from up here .
we are gon na have a good time here together .
gon na make some fruity drinks and sit around with good friends .
have a little barbeque while the sun is out .
these cup holders are really strange and big .
we had a get together this veterans day
we just decided to use plastic cups for quicker cleanup .
everyone had a good time talking .
old friends even reunited .
of course [female] was `` unique '' as always .
the party was fun .
the friends all enjoyed hanging out .
inside the friends played drinking games .
[male] brought an orange hulk hand to the party .
it allowed him to hold drinks twice as large .
i went bowling yesterday .
it was a lot of fun .
i brought some of my friends with me .
they were not very good .
we spent a few hours bowling .
[female] was a little bit of an odd duck .
she was obsessed with bowling , so much so that her 21st birthday was held at a bowling alley .
she was even given a grand tour .
she was just so excited to get out on the lanes .
she ended the night getting a perfect game !
[male] and [female] were ready to bowl .
[female] had brought her niece and her sister to the bowling alley .
they got to look at the back where the shoes and equipment was kept .
then they watched some of the other people bowl .
finally [female] 's niece [female] got to try bowling .
we decided to have our family reunion at the bowling alley for this year .
many of us have never been bowling before , so this is an exciting experience .
surprisingly , aunt [female] performed the best out of all of us . she 's never been good at any sport before .
it 's always great to see everyone again .
i would say that this smith family reunion was one of the best yet . it will be hard to top this for next year !
the bowling alley i just purchased was n't doing too well .
on a friday night , all was quiet and no customers were to be found .
using my last few hundred dollars , i advertised using colorful images and promises of fun .
the next friday , things picked up .
word spread , and soon enough leagues formed and the place was packed nightly .
[female] has begun cooking dinner by throwing chicken pieces on the griddle .
she adds a few peppers .
the chicken must get done but not over done . she has added more vegetable and will have a tasty entree .
for dessert she has cooked a cheesecake with blueberries .
the family is happy to have finished their meal to receive their servings of dessert .
this is [male] . he is a hamster , a very hungry hamster . since he can not speak , he ordered food by texting .
first [male] ordered blueberry cake . he loves blueberry 's and he firmly believed in eating dessert first .
second he ordered grilled chicken .
oh , he remembered to add plenty of vegetables .
the food when cooked looked wonderful and tasted very good to [male] .
the korean bbq place was amazing .
they taught us how to place the meat just right on the grill for a fast cook time .
the meat browned to perfection and was absolutely amazing .
we ended the dinner with their blueberry pie .
it was just divine . could n't have asked for a better night out !
the wok dinner started out amazing .
every one could smell the chicken as it roasted on the grill .
the later it got , the better it looked .
the final product was finished and ready to serve .
they were all so excited to eat the chicken they 'd made .
to make this type of quiche , you start by throwing a help of meat on the grill .
then you start adding the peppers .
do n't forget the onion .
in the end , you want a nice , round pie .
each slice should have a delectable , flaky consistency .
we had two birthday boys this year .
[male] 's cake had a car on it .
dylans cake had fishes on it .
all of the children were having fun with their new toys .
by the end of the day everyone was tuckered out .
the twins had a great birthday .
both boys were doted on .
one cake had cars .
the other had nemo on it .
both of the boys had a great day .
there was a birthday party for two babies .
they each had their own cake . [male] 's was decorated with a cool car .
[male] 's cake was themed after the movie finding nemo .
they had such a fun time playing together and with some other kids .
by the end of the day they were pooped though , so it was nap time .
both birthdays were celebrated on the same day . these boys are best buddies .
the party hats were adorable on their tiny heads . the party is about to begin .
[male] is obsessed with cars . his father is a mechanic and is thrilled .
[male] 's loves to watch movies that feature fish . we plan to get an aquarium soon .
the boys could n't wait to play with their gifts and they shared them enthusiastically .
the family was celebrating the young twins birthdays .
there was a cake for [male] .
there was also a cake for [male] .
the kids played hard with their friends .
after a long day they fell asleep fast .
we chose a more casual atmosphere for our annual gathering .
our youngest guest was an absolute angel !
grandma is so proud of her close knit brood !
the girls put their cell phones down and had some old fashioned fun .
our waitress did a superb job with our family photo .
this is my family .
we were out celebrating my uncle 's birthday .
and also mine . i just turned 11 .
we ate at location . it is my favorite restaurant in town .
besides the give card that i got , i also got this funny fish man squirting toy .
everyone got together at the cafe to have some dinner .
mom was excited to let baby try some vegetables .
grandma was happy to see the whole family eating together .
after lunch the kids got some chocolate brownies for dessert .
we all had a really good time eating and plan on coming back for another family lunch .
organization organization is one of the best places in town .
when the family gets together the baby always gets the attention .
grandma is visiting for the first time and is enjoying it .
after dinner , the sisters had a cookie snack and were happy .
the family reunion was great and everyone had a wonderful time . another happy gathering at serye 's
the family got together at location .
even the youngest ones were excited to eat there .
grandmom reluctantly posed for a picture while they waited to eat .
the girls enjoyed their desserts .
after dessert , everyone gathered outside for one last photo before heading home .
it 's time for the annual fossmeetnitc .
we all met at the organization organization organization organization .
there were 2 great speakers that did an exceptional job .
i really liked the last speaker that explained everything in laymen terms .
he really had some great diagrams and drawings .
here is the banner for our awareness camp .
the opening speaker gets us organized and in the groove .
my friend just received an honor for his efforts last year .
enjoying ourselves , we talk about what we 've learned and shared .
the main speaker is making his point , and we just love his passion !
the members of organization organization were available to meet .
an announcer , introduced the panel .
members of the panel greeted people .
the panel and audience members collaborated
a presentation was made with the results of the collaboration
a huge orange banner was on display for the night 's event .
we were impressed seeing the new lighted sign at the institute .
one of the first speakers was rather timid , but gave an interesting presentation .
another of the speakers was extremely experienced and very compelling .
we all signed a guest sheet to commemorate that night 's event .
our poster came out great and the color is dynamic .
[male] is practicing his speech and testing the sound equipment for the software lecture tonight .
we get to meet some of our counterparts for the first time today . it was good to put a face to the voice .
wrapping up the final details of how the lecture will flow .
i am positive this thing will go off without a hitch and the video projector is in great shape .
so here we are ! weltenburger kloster bier .
we all traveled together today for a great time .
we met other friends there to talk , eat and drink .
we even met up with new people who joined our group . it was a lot of fun .
this is the scene as we looked out over the mountains .
the newlywed couple decided to take a vacation
they met a local guide that was taking them around
they made many new friends along the way .
she acted silly by putting fresh flowers in her hair .
the best part of the trip was looking over the mountain and seeing the beautiful scenery
we arrived at the small village in location .
we met with two locals that was happy to show us around .
they took us to the restaurant outside of the village .
we met many nice people that enjoyed being in our company as well .
the area overlooked beautiful mountains and tall trees below .
that 's the new organization organization organization organization . i ca n't wait to try it .
he he he , i ' m seeing double are you guys . i think we drank to much .
hey theirs the rest of the gang and they 're drinking pitchers . he he he they are going to get smashed .
i ca n't find my mouth ! i know it 's here some where .
has any one seen [male] ? oh , he fell jumped off the railing an hour ago . he thought he could fly .
this brewery was recommended to us by the locals .
we waited out front for our friends to join us .
the beer was delicious . it was unlike anything we 've ever had .
of course , there was some silliness after a few rounds .
it was n't all about drinking , we truly appreciated the view !
a husband and wife go to a bar to celebrate one of their friends ' birthdays .
the bar is decorated with balloons for the couple 's mutual friend 's birthday .
many of the birthday boy 's friends show up to his party and enjoy some alcoholic beverages .
after a while , everyone heads to the dance floor and shows off their craziest dance moves .
finally , after getting home , the husband of the couple decides to relax on the couch and take a nap .
friends gathered at a bar to celebrate a friend 's birthday .
they celebrated with a super size birthday drink for the birthday guy .
it was so huge , that everyone joined together to drink at the same time .
afterwards , they danced and partied all night long .
finally , at the end of the night they settled down and had some drinks while talking to friends .
dad came out the bar to help celebrate .
a few bites to eat , and some balloons .
before we got down to the serious drinking .
which then led to the infamous mechanical bull incident .
morning came way to early for some . noon is a good time to wake up .
we were so happy to be celebrating our big day with friends and family .
even though the decorations were simple , it was the thought that mattered .
there is nothing better than close friends sharing a special event like this .
things got a little wild as the night went on .
and he certainly paid for it the next day with an awful hangover .
a group of friends order a huge drink .
one of the men gazes at it happily .
the group each gets a straw and sips the drink .
they goof around and act candidly for a photo .
one of the women from the group poses with some patrons at the bar .
the league of women voters is celebrating 90 years of great performance .
they are involved in many different aspects of our lives .
there were ladies there that donned the old school clothing that they used to wear .
there was a round table for great conversation .
and there were really great speakers for the event .
here is our league of women voters booth .
a cake to celebrate our 90 years in organizing awaits break time .
in a break out session , we discuss our strategies for the upcoming year .
our local officers are decked out while being introduced .
at the podium our chapter president talks of last year 's successes .
it was my turn to make the cake at the annual meeting .
here was one of many of the fine presentations at the event .
we posed for photos in the rotunda . the architecture is impressive .
at the meeting we exchanged ideas and discussed concerns .
our final guest speaker was the most compelling of all . a successful day !
the organization organization organization organization celebrated their 90th anniversary .
there was a display with information about the organization .
members dressed up as founders of the movement .
they enjoyed a working lunch .
they performed a living history play .
picked up the cake for the celebration of the league of women voters 90th anniversary tonight .
our little booth is not impressive but it is informational .
these are the two head women of the organization wearing their official sashes .
the board meetings helps all the member understand how to group will be moving forward . all members were here today .
[female] gives the final speech for the anniversary . it was a beautiful day and everyone loved the cake .
it was sometimes difficult to grasp the games that were played at these types of parties .
[female] swore she would not take any joke too personal .
[male] promised to only have three slices of pizza .
everyone limited the pictures that were taken .
most of us had a great time .
we had a birthday party for our daughter this weekend .
she had a great time and invited many friends over .
they had cake and played games all day .
presents were exchanged and smiles were all abound .
she looked like she could keep this up all night .
we met a group of friends and hung out together .
we shared a lot of laughs with each other .
[male] had grown his hair out for a play he was doing .
i took a photo because i thought it was cute .
we all had a great time and there was a lot of food too .
a group of kids are playing a game , in which the person in front of the line has to crawl under everyone else in line as fast as they can .
[male] did so well that [female] wanted to give him a high five .
after the game , the friends gathered around and ate some food .
some people took pictures together and wanted to make memories .
the food was pretty good , and everyone had a good time .
we had our annual family get together at my parent 's house this weekend .
my cousins and other family members from all over the states came over .
[male] is a funny guy . he kept downing pizzas though .
my niece is always taking selfies of herself .
and we spend the whole day just eating and talking . catching up .
it 's my birthday , i 'll blow out the candles . stay back !
oh man , they gave him a knife . are they crazy ? !
feeding strawberries to the youngest of the group .
wow..some people ca n't handle their alcohol .
he is so cut off from drinking anymore . it was a great night .
we celebrated the birthday at the restaurant .
we had a lot of laughs .
the laughter was felt by all who attended .
the cake was brought out .
the birthday boy wanted to be fed .
the gentleman is lighting the birthday cake .
now we are fixing to cut the birthday cake .
enjoy eating the first bite from the birthday cake .
some of the people looks tired and just passed out from having fun at the birthday party
laughing so hard at a joke someone made .
[male] celebrated his birthday at his favorite restaurant .
his friend cut the cake .
everyone was a having a great time .
by the end of the evening , plenty of wine had been drunk , and everyone was laughing hysterically .
[male] could barely breathe from laughing so much . it had been a great night !
birthdays are so much fun .
we got to cut the cake .
we shared a very memorable moment .
it was so funny . we could hardly contain ourselves .
people were literally dying laughing .
[male] is so happy right now . not only does he look good in his black button up , he was still looking good and his girlfriend [female] is with him to take all the pictures of him and his friends on there special day .
he is pleased that all his friends showed up at the town bar and grill to celebrate it with him . [female] takes a snapshot of him and his friends at the table .
[male] 's friend [male] plays monkey on his back as a photograph is taken by his girlfriend [female] .
she also gets a picture of [male] and his friend [male] .
at the end of the night , [male] 's friend [female] takes a picture of the beautiful [female] and [male] .
the birthday celebration was a lot of fun .
our friends were able to make it .
we waited for our food .
after the dinner we decided to eat on the back porch .
the game of pin the tail on the man was fun .
[male] passed his cpa exam !
he was so relieved , he invited his friends and family to celebrate .
[male] feigned surprise ,
but [male] knew [male] would succeed .
the future is bright for [male] and his fiancee , [female] .
our political science class had our usual thursday night gathering .
this time we ate at a local diner . that 's me on the left .
that 's my brother , and his friend who like to make funny faces .
the boy on the left delivered a speech in class today , it was great .
my brother met his girlfriend in our class . she 's a very smart lady .
the college students were celebrating the end of semester .
the went to a restaurant for dinner .
everyone was a little goofy after all the tests .
it was so nice to relax .
the group was quite big and had a great time .
my family and i are getting ready for the barbecue party .
some of our neighbors came over with their kids and had some snacks .
we bought a lot of chips for the party .
my brother and his friend are cooking the burgers on the grill .
it started raining , during the day and we were n't able to grill outside .
it was the 4th of july weekend and time for a family get together .
[male] and [male] had n't seen each other since they were kids .
all of a sudden it started to rain , but that did n't stop them taking a picture with their uncle [male] .
finally the weather became too much so they brought everything inside .
the rest of the day they gathered in the kitchen until it was time for fireworks .
fourth of july . time to have a family cookout .
we got the kids working on the grill making hamburgers .
oh no ! it decided to start raining . need umbrella to keep grilling .
time to bring all the food inside . weather is not cooperating .
everyone is hanging around the kitchen table , grabbing chips and burgers .
we decided to have a barbecue today .
everyone is in the kitchen drinking and talking .
no party is every complete without some potato chips .
[male] and [male] decided to be our chefs for the night .
they talked all day long while they cooked .
[male] 's family was in town .
they were grilling out .
some members of the family were getting a little tipsy .
the women were inside getting the rest of the food ready .
everything turned out yummy !
hey mom . let 's go find the cows .
i think they are over here .
yep ! right by the lake .
we might as well do some fishing while we are here .
now to relax with a few cookies . what a great day .
the whole family was at the ranch over the weekend .
little [male] was having fun with his toys .
the animals were drinking from the lake .
mommy and [male] were exploring in the dirt .
they sat on the edge of the lake and relaxed . it was such fun .
our trip to the lake was lovely for the kids .
the little one loved it , and wanted to run and play .
some cows came down the hill for a drink .
grandpa talked to his favorite boy about fishing .
later , it was dinner at chez highchair .
i went with the family on a hike last week .
there were not many things to do there .
there were some cows .
we sat in the shade for a while .
we spent some time by the pond .
[male] is out with his dad exploring the woods .
he likes skimming stones off the water .
across the way some wild cows are grazing .
his mom is trying to teach him to catch crayfish .
after a big day it was time to come home and have dinner .
we took friends karting for the first time this weekend .
they had a good time but it took a bit to get used to driving .
they slammed into the walls a few times but still enjoyed it .
we moved to the arcade afterwards .
it was fiercely competitive but i won in the end .
when we arrived , the attendant gave us our racing gear to put on .
we are ready to burn some rubber .
we went so fast around the track that the cameras could n't keep up .
here is the champion of the race celebrating .
all that driving had us hungry , so we ended the outing with a late night dinner .
[female] enjoys bumper cars a great deal .
[male] looks like he 's having the time of his life .
the cars are moving so fast , it was hard to get a clear picture .
[female] tries out the mechanical bull and has a great time .
[male] and [female] play all wild video game .
i went racing with my girlfriend at the tracks .
i rode in car number 32 .
we went really fast and got quite the rush from it .
after , i met my sister and played some games with her .
i thought she was great at location location .
here we are changing into our suits before our spin around the track .
we look fabulous and ready to head out to the track .
this track may look simply but it really is a hard course when driving to drive .
my friend posed for a photo after finding a unit with his favorite number .
after our visit to the track we settled down for some wonderful food at a local place .
[female] 's son , [male] , posing with her mother .
my friend , [female] , and her husband , [male] , on their 20th marriage anniversary .
[female] reading the gift cards she received for her anniversary .
[female] received a few perfumes as gifts .
we had japanese cuisine during dinner , at her house , during the party .
aunt cho was celebrating her 56th birthday .
at home , her family gave her various gifts .
uncle [male] decided to gift her with a nice dinner .
the entire family went to the nicest sushi place in town .
she enjoyed every last bite with gusto .
it 's my son 's birthday . he is eleven today .
i have been busy writing birthday cards and wrapping presents .
i 'm still at the table wrapping presents and getting everything ready .
here we are at the japanese restaurant for my son 's birthday dinner .
we are having all sorts of sushi . great food , great day .
mom is holding flowers while son is smiling next to her .
the husband gave his wife flowers for her birthday .
mom is reading her birthday card at the table .
mom is putting on perfume .
mom is trying the yummy dish .
today was my birthday , i got beautiful flowers from my family .
my husband and i posing for a pic . are n't the flowers beautiful ?
i opened all the cards and gifts .
i tried a new perfume i got for a gift . smells wonderful !
we had sushi at the restaurant , it was really delish ! best birthday ever !
these two party goers arrived early and were ready for fun .
birthday girl seemed really surprised and claimed not to have a clue .
a childhood nickname was written on the cake - so funny !
the speeches were a wonderful combination of sentimental and entertaining .
it 's not a party without a little karaoke and these girls stole the show .
here is our adopted baby getting a hug from the social worker .
we are happily waiting for the adoption paperwork to be completed .
our little boy is now home , ready to eat . check out that sporty bib !
uncle [male] comes and visits with flowers in hand .
aunt tess is as happy as we are . what a great smile !
me and mom at dinner . so glad i was able to get her out of the house .
my friends making a silly face , shes such a goof .
finally got to see the cake ! my nickname has been big bird since i was a kid .
another friend of mine but this time on the mic . i dont have the heart to tell her shes a bad singer .
these two tore up karaoke and ended the night with a blast .
family are all smiles for the big event .
laughter is in the air as one aunt ca n't control herself .
the birthday cake for big bird is magnificent and bursting with personality and color .
the host is announcing the next singer to the stage .
instead of just one singer there are two singers battling it out on stage to sing for this special birthday .
everyone had fun at location location 's birthday .
she was surprised by how many people were there .
the cake made everyone laugh .
it was time for karaoke .
some people sang duets .
a girl and her friends celebrate her birthday together .
the birthday girl 's male friend allows her to put makeup on him .
after doing her friend 's makeup , the birthday girl does her makeup to prepare for a night out .
the girl 's friends buy her a chocolate birthday cake with many candles .
later , they all blow out the candles together and prepare to eat the cake .
time to get makeup for our halloween party .
check out this bomb revealing dress .
is the fonz back ?
take that , an unusual pic of my weirdo friend [female] .
dark chocolate cake is the perfect compliment to our party .
let 's party ! i ca n't wait to put on some make up .
here [male] , i 'll put some rouge on your silky skin . you can wear my animal print blouse too .
yeah baby . i do n't even look like [male] anymore .
hey [male] come over here and help me blow .
i 'm getting dizzy . maybe we should move the cake a little closer
a woman does everyone at the parties makeup including men .
the woman is wearing animal print and has her makeup perfectly done .
she just finished doing the man at the parties makeup and he is very excited .
she poses for a candid picture .
finally , all three of them blow the candles out on their cake .
friendship anniversary pictures . ca n't believe it 's been 5 years already .
we celebrate our friendship each year since we all met by dressing up crazy and going out on the town .
this is liz , she looks totally different decked out with her exaggerated makeup .
this is our little cake . this year it was mine turn to provide the cake . i hope they like red velvet .
do n't know why these candles are so hard to blow out . it takes all three of us to do it . great night .
today is [female] 's 34th birthday . she decorates her cake with candles .
the cake is chocolate with white icing and a smiley face .
[female] prepares to cut her birthday cake .
after eating some cake , [female] relaxes and watches tv with some of her friends .
at the end of the night , [female] opens all of her birthday presents before her friends go home .
it was [male] 's 4th birthday and what better way to celebrate the day than a hug from you baby cousin .
the festivities were in full swing as the kids played with each other .
once the cake was ready it was time for [male] to blow out the candles and make a wish .
we were all happy at watching all the kids play together but it was so exhausting at the same time .
aunt [female] decided to play a little trick on [male] and took one of his presents before giving it back .
i 'm the cutest baby ever . i get whatever i want
hey , i 'm the cutest baby ever . so give me your wallet .
hey dad , did you get me the rolex watch i wanted for my 5th birthday . do n't forget i 'm the cutest baby ever .
give me a break cute baby , i just bought you a [male] davidson motorcycle .
hey mom , am i still the cutest baby ever ?
my birthday and my husband made the cake . i shocked !
i did n't think my husband even knew where the kitchen was , but he pulled it off .
it looks impressive but how will it taste ? [male] i survive his first baking foray ?
we all enjoyed the delicious cake and my husband was proud but tired .
finally time to open my gifts . it was the best birthday i 've had in a long time .
everyone gathered at [female] 's house for her 34th birthday party .
the cake was handmade rather than store bought and that seemed to please her immensely .
[female] jokingly threatened us with the knife if we told anyone outside the room what her real age was .
after the food and the cake , everyone crashed and i thought half the party was going to sleep .
but everyone stayed awake long enough for the birthday girl to open her presents .
birthday time , i wonder what can be in this box ?
it was an awesome cat pendant ! another one to add to my collection .
i got such awesome gifts today , even the wrapping was really nice .
yeah this cake is amazing , mom got so creative this year .
decided to cosplay it up to end the night . i love birthdays so much .
today is my birthday , but do n't ask me how old i am .
my name is ren and i got lots of cards .
a nice fancy looking cake .
and lots of presents . oooooohhh i wonder what 's inside .
a very nice cat necklace . it is beautiful .
it was ren 's birthday but she was distracted .
the birthday note had a lovely poem that wished her happy birthday .
the cake was just big enough for two .
she unwrapped my present ...
a hello kitty crystal necklace ! squeee !
we are so blessed that our daughter officially became an adult today .
this is one of the many cards she was given on her birthday .
we bought the cake from a very exclusive bakery in the city .
she just could not wait to open the presents she received .
her favorite was this hello kitty charm her father bought for her .
i found just the right gift at the mall for my coworker .
this is the kind of jewelry she loves . i ca n't wait to see her reaction .
i had it professionally gift wrapped to save time .
the cake i bought was very unique just like the birthday girl .
she loved the gift and gobbled down the cake right at her desk !
i watered the cacti .
i played with the cat .
i fed the chickens and dog .
then i went for a bike ride with a friend .
after all that , i needed a rest .
the plant and cat were well fed .
we talked outside in harmony .
my friends inside were talking about business .
i put on my wet pants to ride my bike .
my girl walked with me outside until i was ready to ride my bike .
our cat is trying to cool off by hiding behind a couple of potted plants .
out cat still trying to cool off by moving from the potted plants to where there is more shade .
our pet dog is running around and chasing the farm chickens .
my husband and i decided to take a walk round our large property .
my husband tired from our walk and decides to lie out in a lawn chair and read .
kitty thinks these cacti make a perfect place to hide for her afternoon nap .
kitty enjoys a patch of shade as she takes in the scenes of the day .
fido thinks these strange looking dogs are great fun to play with .
the couple takes a stroll while enjoying the beauty of the afternoon .
she acts like she 's reading , but she is really taking this moment to get some rest .
it was vacation time for the family .
they were staying at their aunt 's house .
the house was cozy but crowded .
oh no , he had a spill !
the couple went on a bike ride !
the gorgeous model from location was told to report to a warehouse to shoot a car advertisement .
the building looked deserted .
the front door was padlocked and she was unable to enter .
nearly desperate , she tried a knocker on side door .
to her great relief , she was let in and was able to work with the brightly lit automobiles .
the weather was very good today .
i went for a walk around the city .
i took many cool shots .
there were some old buildings that i took pictures of .
i also took a picture of a tunnel .
the college campus is beautiful .
many people are happy on it .
the ground is beautifully crafted .
and the buildings are tal .
it may be dark at night , but it is not dangerous .
my girlfriend wore shades today .
this building had many chimneys .
this was a padlock on the door .
this is used to knock on the door .
lastly , we visited this garage that was full of vans .
she thought this building would be the perfect place to stay .
the loved the way the roof of the building looked .
she was unable to go into the building through the basement , due to the lock .
she ended up knocking on a door to see if she can come look .
the parking garage is nice , she thought .
we finally made it to location location .
it took us a very long time .
we were very excited .
it had snowed a lot the night before .
we had a great time there .
art is very subjective . it can be found every where you look . some say this is art .
others think it has to be a sculpture .
some art is very linear . with few colors
some is more flowing and free .
then there is some you just ca n't explain . you just have to sit back and enjoy .
[male] was new to location .
[male] posed by the snowman .
[male] went by times square .
he was amazed at the size of the snow .
the park was nice and peaceful .
the love statue was set up to portray our art show .
outside the museum that housed our art , sits this classic statue .
this was [male] 's artistic rendering that represents the chances of finding love .
[male] 's more classical painting portrays love found .
my art shows the woman as the object of love .
a day walk in location location . it 's always a great day here .
the statues , buildings and vendors are all works of art .
speaking of art , we also visited an art museum .
this piece specifically was really intriguing to me . and not because they were naked .
every piece of art here was amazing to see . i could stay here for hours !
tonight was my graduation party and i decided that i would liven it up by having fake mustache !
me and the broski posing it up with the fake stache !
even my bff joined in on the fun !
this was a closeup of what i had going on , fun times !
the night could not have been completed without a group pic of the staches ! ! ! !
it was my friends birthday party and it was mustache themed .
all of our friends wore a fake mustache for the event .
except for the party poopers !
we had many drinks .
the birthday girl had an amazing night .
she is so excited to go to the party .
everyone is wearing a mustache and having a great time .
they wish the party could last all night .
seeing yourself wearing a mustache is sure to make you laugh .
spending time with friends is guaranteed to be a fun time .
i played a joke on my friend and showed up at the party with a fake mustache .
everyone at the party apparently caught on and had their own .
the party went on and was a huge success .
the fake mustaches were all the rage at the party .
everyone had a smile on their face .
we had a party today with all our friends .
we decided the theme would be mustaches ,
so people got them once they walked through the door .
[female] and [male] were excited about it
and happy to celebrate with all our friends .
we had a birthday party for our friend today .
the mood was good and everyone was smiling .
the good spirits came because of the flowing alcohol .
we also had an extensive meal at the restaurant .
it was a real success and we will do it again next year for sure .
we all gathered together to celebrate brother [male] 's birthday .
[female] could n't make it , but we glued her face to a ball so she kind of was there .
after cake , presents !
[female] offered her gold tooth to [male] but he said he could n't accept it .
happy birthday [male] !
[male] shows us his new watch at the bar where we got some drinks for his birthday .
[female] and [female] were enjoying themselves as well , theyve been friends a long time .
[female] was on hand as well to wish [male] happy birthday .
we all had a great meal and enjoyed being together on this occasion .
[male] gets ready to blow out the candle and make a wish .
it was this guy 's birthday , so we took him to a restaurant .
his family was all there , and everyone was present .
everyone was excited to be there . they all love the guy .
many of them had n't seen each other in ages , so this was a good reunion .
everyone had a good time .
the going away party was a great idea .
we all enjoyed ourselves ,
even though we were going to miss [female] .
we drank and ate great food .
it was a night we will never forget .
it was our cousins birthday dinner .
he began opening presents .
people watched from the couch .
we also played some family card games together .
he could n't wait to blow out his candles !
after going out to eat myself and a group of friends went back to my house .
when we got there we started drinking and pulled out the board games .
everyone had fun trying to beat each other in the games .
as the night wore on we pulled out the snacks .
by the end of the night everyone was tired and ready for sleep .
the kids lined up near the table .
he unwrapped his gift and it was just what he wantd .
[female] is tired on the bed .
as the kids fell asleep , the parents stayed up .
cake time for [male] !
it was dinner time .
a few of the guys were gon na play parcheesi .
she laughed at their vile talk about women .
is that all they ever thought about ?
evidently they thought about cake sometimes , if you put one right in front of them that is .
i have attended four birthday parties in the last two weeks .
the most recent birthday party was thrown for my friend [male] .
[male] 's wife was happy to sit back , relax , and let others run the party .
we planned a number of fun games to play at [male] 's party .
somehow we managed to light 42 candles on the cake .
our honeymoon was amazing last year .
we went to the location . the beach was very clean and the water was blue .
we took many pictures of the scenery and people .
i tried my best to catch mid air shots and i think it worked out pretty well .
the sunset pictures are my favorite . i 'm sure we 'll come back sometime soon .
[male] was on vacation in location location , he loved to take pictures .
he was able to capture every moment .
he got them most picturesque moment of feet print .
he was so excited with the victory .
he celebrated with some native food .
the day at the beach was very relaxing .
the views were wonderful
and the sand felt great against his feet .
he had a lot of fun running and jumping along the shores .
and lets not forget the exotic food served at the local restaurants .
we went out to the beach to catch some good photo moments .
we walked along it looking for the best spot .
we had gone a ways before we found the perfect area .
we took our pictures and messed around .
that night we celebrating by getting some awesome food .
we rented a beach bungalow for our summer vacation .
it was early in the season , so the beach was still empty .
[male] took a lot of photos with his organization camera .
he jumped in the air to see if the camera would pick up a motion shot .
we stayed until sunset and watched the light reflect on the water .
i love the graffiti .
it is really funny .
i also like cars .
but i like paint more .
obama is a cloth ?
i went for a ride down the street today .
there were a lot of posters on the side of the road .
they were everywhere .
they were all saying different things .
i spent some time reading them all .
this street has a large mural on the side of it .
the mural was painted by local members of the community .
the murals have messages of love and respect .
the mural is a beautiful addition to the town .
all the townspeople like the mural .
we toured the city today .
we stopped by the graffiti wall .
it was completely covered .
it had some messages for persuading
and some just for fun .
the street was deserted the next day .
there was graffiti everywhere after the demonstration .
it was a quiet walk back to the hotel that evening .
the graffiti along the boulevard was quite colorful .
words of truth , albeit misspelled .
the young couple went out and had fun with some friends .
they all had a great time together .
they drank and had a merry time .
they gave cheers to each other .
they even took silly photos together .
my friends and i went to the bar this weekend .
we had a fun and wild time .
shots were flowing freely .
the bartender kept our glass filled and our spirits high .
we will be back next week for sure .
this man bought drinks for these two ladies .
the bartender was really friendly and open .
we toasted together to a youthful life .
this man was the owner and he checked on us .
we took pictures together at the end when we were drunk .
my friends and i went to the bar last night .
my friend was the bartender so he gave me lots of drinks .
my favorite drink was the cherry bomb .
the owner of the bar came in and did bottle tricks .
he made sure i had a great night .
[female] thought she was leaving for the night but she was wrong .
[male] and [female] had planned a surprise birthday party for her .
even [male] the bartender was in on it .
[female] was having a great time and [male] made sure everyone 's drinks were full all the time .
[female] 's boyfriend even managed to get off work and show up to surprise her .
everyone came to my house party last week .
i took pictures of all of them .
i started playing some music for them .
i also brought out some video games for them .
they were really enjoying it .
[male] wanted to meet his future bride .
he went to a house party to meet his future bride to be .
he noticed that there really were n't any women that looked like potential candidates .
so he decided to just have fun .
he ended up flying solo and just playing guitar player all night , he would find his bride at church .
the group stood around talking while waiting for the music to begin .
the musician introduced himself to the crowd .
the musician loaded a few background sounds to get everyone hyped .
the musician introduced the first singer .
the singer had a wonderful voice .
i was so excited to be the dj at the party .
everyone was having a great time dancing .
i put on a good mix to get the crowd dancing .
all of my friends were there enjoying my music .
after the party we relaxed playing some rock band to finish the night .
everyone arrived at the party .
the dj started up some music .
once it was all set up . everything got moving .
he set up a projector for added effect .
it was quite an awesome night .
[female] celebrating her birthday with her kids .
she is always loved by her kids .
it has been rough since her husband marky passed on .
but she carries on with a smile on her face .
her with all of her children and her good friend [female] .
mom 's birthday was a blast .
we all showed up to make it a great time .
her partner even showed up .
we all think of her as one of the family now .
she makes mom happy and that is all that matters .
i went to the birthday party last week .
all of my friends were there .
we took a lot of pictures .
it was a ton of fun .
the cake was very good .
it 's moms birthday ! time to celebrate !
we had n't had much time with her since the divorce .
[male] ate so much ice cream he did n't sleep that night !
mom used this day to introduce us to new mommy , she was very nice , they seemed happy .
after singing her happy birthday , we had cake and ice cream , gave her presents and headed home . happy birthday mom !
we took mom out to a japanese hibachi restaurant to celebrate her birthday .
we had ginger ice cream for dessert .
[male] had fun watching the hibachi cook perform .
aunt [female] was also there to help celebrate the occasion .
we all had a great time together .
she was a little nervous to take the shot .
he always acted goofy around her .
this was her new boyfriend she met a week ago .
they were engaged to married in only 3 weeks .
he had not seen her for a few years .
for my 25th birthday my friends and i went out for some drinks .
[male] and [female] were there .
[male] and sandy applauded while i jugged on beer .
[female] and [male] were getting a little too close after a few beers .
by the end of the night i was surprised i still knew what a camera was .
i was so excited to see all of my friends that night .
there were some especially goofy people who made it so much fun .
talking to people i got to learn what was going on in their lives .
i even met some new friends .
the night proved to be a good one .
[female] kicked off her 25th birthday celebration .
it did n't take long for her to get buzzed .
[female] and [male] joined in the fun . [female] is always the designated driver .
[male] and location were there , too .
[female] had a great time , but she may not remember it !
three couples went to a bar together .
they were celebrating [male] and [female] 's anniversary .
they waited for their food to arrive .
they shared drinks and stories .
the night was very memorable .
i went out to the local pool hall to play some pool .
others played , too .
i smoked a cigar with a friend .
we also drank some beer .
someone appeared to drink too much , though !
we decided to go out and have a few drinks .
i 'm not sure what this drink is , but i 'm willing to try it .
my boyfriend looked at me with amazement as i drank the beverage .
here i am declaring that i have had too much to drink .
i think i am about to fall over , but i want to look sexy when i do .
the pool table was the main source of entertainment at the bar .
we would take turns playing each other .
others would rather sit around and smoke .
they had fun too .
but they did n't have as much fun as me .
the man is taking his shot at pool .
the woman is taking her shot at pool while others watch .
two buddies are having a cigar .
a bunch of friends are having drinks .
a lady is dancing after having a few drinks .
we started a company pool league .
we got great response and lots of people showed up .
even people who dont play pool .
lots of people got drunk .
we had a great time and lots of new friendships we made
it started out as a relaxing night in hanging with my friends .
after some music i decided i had enough and we were going out .
our night out began rather innocently .
but then we decided to drink a lot .
after that , the silliness ensued and the rest of the night was a blur .
[male] and his friends drank after work .
they drank and drank till they could n't see straight .
[male] hid his face from his friends because he knew [male] was taking pictures .
[male] danced so stupidly that he fell on the floor .
after , they ended the day with more crazy antics .
he ca n't help but to touch the feet of all the pretty girls .
he decides to break out the guitar and start strumming some tunes .
after a little music they decide to go out for some drinks .
they have some food and drink a little , a night of good clean fun .
silly poses and great conversation is what is taking place tonight .
the gang got together for some fun .
her we are watching [male] do his [male] impression .
we took the party off to the local restaurant .
there was a good deal of drinking going on . fun times !
the party is winding down . time to put some chopsticks up our noses !
everyone was relaxed in their bare feet .
[male] entertained us with his guitar playing .
eventually all went to the restaurant .
[female] was intrigued how the drinks were being mixed .
with happy faces and full stomachs it was a good day overall .
we all decided to go out on halloween to have a few drinks and see some costumes .
this woman with the devil ears on looked really cool .
we met a man with a dracula costume who was super scary .
this woman 's hair has some awesome red streaks in it .
the mad scientist was doing experiments all night .
a mom and her daughter spend time together to catch up .
they meet up at a halloween party , where they see a very convincing dracula .
many people showed up in costume to the party .
later in the night , a band even played some music .
at the end of the night , the mom and daughter enjoy a nice dinner together before saying goodbye .
everyone looking normal before the halloween party . that look wont last .
the guests started to arrive in their crazy outfits .
heres dad dressed up as dracula . he put so much effort into it .
i loved that hat my friend wore , i got ta borrow it sometime .
my crazy brother always livens things up . it was such a great party .
a lot of people showed up for our halloween bash .
they was a bloody vampire there .
i think the devil was actually a friend of mine .
there many costumes that i did not quite know what they were supposed to be .
some people came , but chose not to dress up .
these ladies were n't aware of the bar 's costume party but enjoyed watching .
the homemade costumes are always the best .
here 's a thirsty vampire who did his own makeup .
this girl colored her hair to match the costume . very pretty !
the host awarded best costume prizes at the end of the night .
mom was so excited to throw a birthday party for her daughter .
mom decorated a table with food , including a birthday cake .
one of the activities the kids did at the birthday party was a piata .
the kids also played with some of the toys the little girl received as presents for her party .
they all had a fun time at the birthday party , especially with eating birthday cake .
taking time to relax , just before the kids birthday party .
our set up is simple , but will be loads of fun , that 's for sure .
the birthday girl could n't be happier .
playing games and having fun , [female] has a look of what 's next .
watching over the cake , [female] will keep it safe from early frosting lickers .
here i am setting up the table for my daughters birthday .
its simple but we will liven things up , its going to great .
my daughter in her dress with some balloons . shes such a cutie .
this is her with her best friend . i love seeing them together .
they all devoured that cake so fast ! thanks for coming everyone .
my sister worked so hard on her daughter 's party . she planned it for weeks .
we were lucky to have such a warm and sunny day . it had rained the day before .
the kids enjoyed many games and we listened to lots of giggles .
the girls were so excited to be in this pretty little tent .
my niece could n't be happier with the theme of her cake and it was delicious too !
the happy mother prepares the food table for the gathering .
it is a beautiful day in the park and everything is prepared for the party .
the children one by one take a chance at knocking the pinata .
the children enjoy the down time in the sheer white tent to enjoy activities .
it 's time to eat cake . after singing happy birthday all the children are ready and happy to eat cake and enjoy the rest of the day .
i was a little embarrassed by my head wear .
but i decided to change my attitude .
this guy looked the part but was n't really getting into it .
i saw my best friend and ran to give him a hug .
everyone else was more subdued .
ta da it 's birthday day !
he was going to make it special .
she was unhappy with the cake .
they misspelled her name .
afterwards they stayed to play games .
just when i thought everyone forgot my birthday
i got surprised with a cake
my boyfriend gave me a surprise b-day party
my other close friends was in on it too
he even invited some of my co workers
the birthday girl is making a face while holding her cake .
the birthday girl is smiling while holding her cake .
the hat is not going over too well .
the birthday girl is getting a hug .
the party is now in the living room .
it was her 40th birthday .
she was ready to celebrate and have fun .
her husband was in a goofy mood .
they invited some family and friends over .
they played games and ate cake .
[female] always wanted to go sky diving .
she registered for lessons .
she was very excited .
her instructor was [male] .
[male] and [female] had a perfect landing .
i decided to go skydiving for my birthday .
i went inside and signed all the necessary forms .
walking to the plane i really started to get nervous .
flying through the sky was the most amazing feeling ever .
i stuck the landing , it was the best birthday is my life .
[female] came to register
for safety and precaution .
she could n't wait to get started .
here is her landing ,
she feels so exhilarated .
i 'm going to register for a sky diving class .
the line for the class was longer than i expected .
i had to fill out some personal information but i was so excited .
the instructor walked with me to the plane .
i sky dived and the instructor carried the parachute for me .
[female] was excited for her first tandem parachute jump .
the line for registration was longer than expected .
but she did n't mind and was so excited she almost forgot to fill out the required forms .
on the way to the plane , instructor [male] went through the safety checklist with [female] .
after the successful jump [female] chats with her tandem jump partner [male] .
12 years old !
it 's amazing how quickly time flies .
and yet , the pinatas are still a pain .
fortunately , there 's a climbing wall at the lake house !
between that and the pinatas , there was no energy left by 4pm .
happy birthday , birthday girl !
how would you like to have your face painted ?
how about a round of musical chairs ?
everyone line-up to try your hand at the pinata .
[female] you carry these memories of sleepovers with your childhood friends for a long time to come .
with a hat on my head i 'm ready for my party .
two friends share a laugh at the party .
breaking the piata for the treats and toys .
a homemade rock wall to climb .
winding down for the night and getting ready to sleep .
i am eight years old today !
i 'm having a birthday party with a lot of my best friends . my mother got us all kinds of stuff , like hats .
we are playing a lot of great games , and hitting a pinyata !
my mother even rented a rock climbing tower !
the best part is that it 's a slumber party ! everyone is sleeping over !
it was [male] 's eighth birthday .
the girls had fun face painting each other .
musical chairs was a great hit .
[female] broke the pinata open .
the girls all fell asleep quickly after a busy day !
the techsmith event was a lot of fun .
there was even a band and a dancefloor .
everyone was having a good time and was getting silly .
the racing game was a highlight of the event for everyone .
dancing to the band was a blast !
the party was ready to begin .
the band was amazing .
the guests were having a great time .
many were taking pictures .
everyone seemed to get along great !
the corporate party has been planned by a party planner .
she has thought of every detail and there are several forms of entertainment . the band is playing to set the mood .
ladies get into the spirit by not taking themselves too seriously .
expensive toys have been added for entertainment .
however , closing the evening with a nice slow dance is always the right decision . the party was a hit .
it was the weekend for the convention . though this was for work , it felt more like a rock concert !
the lights were all set up for a show and there was even a live band that played !
many people arrived and had a great time . here are two that had a moustache treatment !
there were games to play as well ! here are two that are playing video games that were brought here .
then the dancing began . many were shy at first . but , once the first people went out , then things began to relax a bit .
when techsmith had their annual year end party , it was a real blast .
they had a live band as usual and this year they were pretty good .
and the ladies from hr decided that they would show that they actually had a sense of humor .
the company even brought in arcade driving games to play . and they supplied the quarters !
the night wound down , but people were still on the dance floor . i dont think they wanted the night to end .
a man and his daughter prepare to celebrate his 30th birthday .
the man 's wife is happy to see that her husband is having a good birthday .
many of the husband 's friends show up to his party , which makes him very happy .
a few kids show up as well , and the man lets one of the little boys blow out his birthday candles .
at the end of the night , the man opens up all of his presents and reads all of the cards people got him .
father daughter dance celebrating his 30th birthday !
she loves the button she gave her daddy .
all his friends showed up for the party !
look at all those candles on the cake-the kids are in awe .
now it is time to open gifts from friends .
my brother [male] 's birthday was tonight , here he is holding his daughter .
hes such a great dad she even gave him a ribbon for it .
looks like hes loving his gifts so far , that table was full of em .
the kids helped him blow out his candles . they just wanted to get to that cake .
he really appreciated everyone that came out tonight and teared up a bit reading the cards .
ok little girl go back to mommy . this is my special day not yours .
do n't mess around with me ! i have a killer right cross .
yes i had to pop her one to leave me alone . i only broke her nose .
hey kid get away from my cake . did n't you see what i did to that little girl .
yes , i 'm special ! i deserve all of these gifts .
today is dad 's birthday . the family had a surprise dinner at dad 's favorite restaurant .
his daughter gave dad an extra big hug for his birthday . i was so sweet !
dad gets ready to open some presents . he is still so surprised that everyone was able to trick him about the party .
dad lets the kids blow out his candles . they had to take turns blow all of those candles though !
dad finishes the night by reading a card from his wife . it is a sweet and caring card that states how she feels about him .
a little girl and a few of her friends stand in front of her birthday cake .
many of the girl 's friends watch as she blows out the candles on her cake .
inside , one of the girl 's friends is surprised at all of the beautiful decorations .
the girl 's little sister is angry that she 's not getting any presents , as it 's not her birthday .
after they eat some cake , the girl and her friends decide to play outside .
today was our daughters birthday and all the neighborhood kids came .
this little guy kept asking for the cake , in a minute buddy !
grrrrrr he looked mad but that changed quick when the games began .
i dont understand the games the kids play but it looked like they were having a blast .
a group photo to end the day . [female] you guys had a blast and thanks for coming .
my sister get all the attention .
i do n't care that it 's her birthday .
even my boy friend is infatuated with her .
it 's not fair . i 'm cuter ! i should be the center of attention
here comes the candy ! it 's all mine !
all the kids had a great time at the birthday party .
she made a wish and blue out the candles on her cake .
he was overwhelmed by all the fun .
the baby was n't sure what to make of everything .
the kids sure had fun that day .
the birthday girl was beaming as she posed with friends .
she blew out the candles with one breath for the first time !
my son was a little overwhelmed with all the activity .
a black and white portrait of a stern young family member .
i got creative and took a shot from a tree branch . it was a successful day .
a family celebrates a birthday party , grandpa takes a picture of the cake .
everyone claps and sings happy birthday to the little girl .
the grandpa and the birthday girl blow out her candle together as she makes a wish .
many family members show up to the party and enjoy a nice dinner together .
before the party 's over , mom cuts the cake and serves it to everyone .
it was great to see all three generations arrive at grandpa 's party .
the cake was n't cut until after it was thoroughly photographed .
we sang happy birthday in two languages !
we could n't wait to dig into that delicious cake .
the handmade gifts from the grandchildren were the cutest .
the family is gathering for the celebration of uncle [male] 's birthday .
he is impressed by the cake and of course takes a photo .
some kind words from the family precede the cutting of the cake .
the guests enjoy the food and fellowship . this is a family that cares about each other .
[male] shows the certificate that his family got for him . he received a trip to visit the country of his birth . [male] could hardly be more thrilled .
it was a great occasion when we all gathered to celebrate my uncle 's achievement .
there 's my uncle , who loves to take pictures and there 's his cake .
we all sang a traditional folk song in chinese .
then of course , we all ate some really delicious cake in celebration .
my uncle 's award from the organization was well deserved . everybody had a very happy time .
what do you do when your grandfather and his granddaughter have birthdays on the same day ? dual parties .
we chose a cake and put a question mark on it rather than a bunch of candles , because grandpa is a little weird about his age .
when the time came to blow out the candle , they were both more than happy to share the duty .
then it was on , and everyone dove into the food .
everyone but mom who seemed determined to serve everyone herself , despite us telling her to sit down .
a family travels down the highway towards their destination .
eventually , the arrive at organization organization organization organization .
the kids are very excited to be here .
mom and her daughter eagerly await their food to arrive .
the steak sandwich looks delicious , the family ca n't wait to start eating .
we had a long drive to go to see grandpa and grandma .
but when we got there it was well worth it to see his smile .
my son wanted to pose next to the wagon outside the restaurant .
inside grandma was already seated and waiting for her hug .
once dinner arrived everyone was excited to eat the big juicy steaks .
we set off for dinner . we were excited to try this new restaurant .
the steak house had this awesome wagon out front .
the kids wanted to take a picture with it so bad .
here we are waiting for dinner . all the food looked amazing luckily we didnt have to wait too long .
the burger was delicious we are definitely coming back !
i 'm going to my favorite family restaurant .
help , this man in the funky blue shirt is trying to kid nap me .
ha ha old man in the funky blue shirt , you ca n't catch me .
organization , i made it to my favorite family restaurant . my mom ordered my favorite meal .
i hope i 'll be able to chew this steak since i 'm missing my front teeth ,
we took a grandma for a drive to see some beautiful mountains .
we later stopped at a restaurant that had rave reviews online .
my son did n't know what a covered wagon was but posed anyway .
grandma was so appreciative for the pleasant drive and the meal .
here was my delicious meal . it was too much so i took some home .
for the party we baked our own cake .
it turned out pretty well !
after cake , we headed out .
one person took the snowboard and had a great time .
the other person felt more comfortable on skis .
it was my friends birthday .
we cut the cake for him to celebrate .
afterwards , he wanted to go do some outdoors activities .
we drove up to the mountain .
we spent the rest of his birthday snowboarding .
last year for my birthday we went to a ski lodge .
the cake was very good .
nice view from our room . i loved looking at the water .
we rented a car so we could get to the best hills .
it was some killer snow boarding . best trip ever !
today the group of friends were celebrating a birthday .
they baked a cake and blew out the candles .
the group of friends decided to go up into the mountains .
they snowboarded
and went skiing . it was a fun day for everyone involved .
i made a cake for my friend today .
it was his birthday .
i went to surprise him .
he was very surprised .
we went snowboarding afterward .
we were excited to be attending this performance .
the singer showed deep emotion as she sang to the audience .
she had a very talented band accompanying her .
we met up with a friend after the show .
we had a wonderful evening .
[female] took the stage .
she began singing sweetly .
her voice was like butter .
she had the audience captivated .
the show was an outstanding success .
do n't be nervous .
just sing with that beautiful voice of yours !
hey , i 'm doing pretty good .
darn , did i just miss a note ?
whatever , i 'll keep going . i hope they did n't notice .
my sister was very nervous to sing at the karaoke .
i was glad to encourage her cause she did great .
i could not believe how much energy her voice had .
i knew she would do great and make the audience cheer for her .
i did n't wan na tell her until after that an agent was interested in her .
here 's the invitation i received to my cousin 's concert .
she has always been a talented singer .
she and her band travel the country doing what they love .
after the show she posed for some photos with my husband and i .
this was a special date night for us . i 'm framing this photo .
we decided to have a family reunion of sorts at the beach rental house .
the family was relaxed and enjoying each other 's company .
some family hung out in the dining room enjoying drinks .
it was getting pretty late .
poor kid , he slept all the way home .
my son slept on the way to the party .
when we got there we took pictures with some friends .
my wife was very happy to be at the party with us .
we also brought our dog who was lovely .
that night was a great night with my family and friends .
the party had been a success .
everyone felt like vomiting .
it was almost 6am and everyone was still drunk .
[male] fell asleep outside .
his friends carried him to his car .
the smiths are having a family reunion .
the whole family has come out for a fun time today .
they are having some drinks and chatting about old times .
the night was so long that [male] passed out from all of the fun .
he even passed out on the car ride home .
we all got together for a party .
it was fun to sit outside and chat .
some people stayed inside to chat and enjoy themselves .
my friend was very tired .
it was a fun night and went into the early morning hours .
my mom and sister decided it was time the whole family got together .
my dad thought they could never make it happen .
but sure enough all of the grand kids came .
even the dog was involved and happy .
a truly amazing day capped off with a glorious photo .
family get together ! even the dogs are considered family .
my mom and sister . they have the same smile .
puppy # 1 . not really a puppy anymore , but he is to me .
puppy # 2 . not a puppy either , but still one of the babies .
the kids look so cute all dressed up . what a perfect day .
mom and daughter together again !
dad was so happy to have us all together
cousins forever !
lets not forget our furchildren
togetherness - its what makes us happy and keeps our family strong !
the family likes spending time together .
[female] and [female] are aunt and niece .
lucky is a valuable part of the family too .
that 's why they let him be in the family portrait .
after the portrait the photographer let the girls take silly pictures .
a family gets together for a reunion .
everyone is happy to be there .
the kids have missed each other a lot .
even the dog is enjoying it .
at the end everyone poses for a family picture .
today is isabels birthday , while at work her coworkers through her a party .
her boss cut the cake for her after singing happy birthday
then all of her coworkers got to eat a piece of cake .
and they sat around chatting and celebrating her life .
it was a great day at work .
today was [female] 's birthday ! what a lovely chocolate cake !
[female] 's work group brought her a birthday cake . she slices it up to serve .
after a little time , people became impatient , and all descended onto the chocolate cake !
there was enough delicious chocolate cake to share on [female] 's birthday , and everyone had a slice !
[female] smiled at her happy birthday wishes .
one of my co workers made the most beautiful cake .
[female] could not wait to cut into it .
everyone gathered for a slice .
they were trying to be patient for their slice of cake .
there was not much cake left .
today is [female] 's birthday ! we bought her a beautiful chocolate cake with red roses .
[female] was excited to get this cake . we all sang `` happy birthday '' and then she cut the cake .
the group was ready to taste the cake . we all had to wait our turns to get a slice of the cake .
others decided to wait until everyone got a slice first . they sat down and talked for a bit .
once the cake was done , almost everyone left to return to work . those that were still here chatted before cleaning up the mess .
because she was leaving on vacation , we decided to have [female] 's birthday party in the break room before she left .
she was really happy and surprised . so much so that she could n't stop smiling .
she insisted though that everyone got a piece of cake before her .
so after everyone else got their piece , she finally took hers and we all started talking .
i was n't too happy with the wrapping paper we used for her gifts , but hey , it was spur of the moment .
the magician was a really nice guy .
he taught all of us how to do some of his signature magic tricks .
some of us were confused at what was going to happen .
we got happy when we were surprised with a rabbit , though !
all of us loved petting the bunny .
it was [male] 's birthday and we had hired a magaician for the occasion . being a good parent that i was i decided to be the first volunteer .
we did n't know it yet but there was something magical about to happen from underneath the cloth
much to everyone 's surprise he pulled out this white fluffy ball of love . i do n't think there was an unhappy face in the crowd .
of course he was a big hit and everyone had to pet the rabbit .
once everything was all done for the day i finally had time to relax , what better way than taking a nice hot bath .
a couple of friends decided to have a show and tell party .
the first friend brought an ancient persian rug to show everyone .
he also showed off his muscles .
the next friend brought her pet rabbit to show everyone .
she passed the rabbit around , and it was the hit of the party !
the magician we hired for the party had no trouble finding volunteers .
here 's another baffled guest wondering how he performed a trick .
the magician put this woman 's purse in a box and made it disappear .
and voila ! her purse turned into an animal .
it was a cute , white rabbit and everyone got to pet it .
hiring a close up magician for a party is a great idea .
the one we got for [female] 's birthday party was awesome and he worked the crowd really well .
of course he had a special surprise for the birthday girl herself .
he did the classic `` rabbit out of my hat '' trick .
and the cool thing was , the rabbit was actually a real gift , since [female] had been wanting one for so long .
there are all kinds of marching bands . have you ever heard of pirate marching band ?
this is manfred the conductor .
here is one-eye [male] the accordionist .
another important player is starbuck the drummer .
the pirate marching band even has their own unique dance moves .
the biker theme party started .
the pirate played the accordian .
they danced to the tunes .
then had a mock sword fight .
the whole group was having a great time .
the percussion section of marching band ended a successful season with a pirate party .
drum major [male] mcgee was dressed to kill .
no one knew [male] could play the accordion !
[male] led the parade through the neighborhood .
the neighbors were amused and entertained !
they were band of merrymakers who were ready to enjoy the day sharing their music at the park
one of the men was dressed in military attire of old and was ready to lead the group today
a man in prate attire pleased the crowd with his rendition of songs on the accordian
a reveler on the drums was festively sharing his music for the crowd on this summer day
the people surrounded the group of musicians to hear their tunes and merry dancing
our company created a pirate marching band for the parade ,
we went all out on our costumes .
we were decked out from head to toe in pirate garb .
everyone wanted to take pictures of us .
we even created a little dance to go with our routine .
suzy is opening up her birthday gifts . she already had to immediately put on the pink shirt she got from her mom .
her sister [female] is holding up a blue shirt suzy got from dad .
suzy surprises her sister [female] with a birthday present even though it was n't her birthday .
their brother [male] has no interest in girly stuff .
just when suzy thought she was finished , her gifts from her great aunt [female] arrived !
all of the kids had come to celebrate [female] 's birthday .
all of the kids were excited to give [female] their gifts .
there was a whole pile of gifts , everyone loves [female] .
[male] even gave [female] a brand new doll .
[female] had a great birthday with all of her best friends .
its big sister cindy 's 8th birthday party
oh yesss thank you i 've been wanting this shirt ! !
whooohooo cousin [female] was able to come
lil brother mikey got to lick the frosting spatula ! yum
look at all these gifts ! we have an amazing family !
my little girls had so much fun playing with the box .
they received new gifts which were mostly shirts .
they were still happy and grateful to us .
my son really wanted to just eat chocolate the whole time .
all in all , it was a wonderful birthday effort .
birthday parties were the happiest of times .
getting presents .
friends .
chocolate .
what else could be more important to an 8 year old ?
jasey was a happy girl on her birthday .
she had a lot of activities that she did .
she loved her cake the most .
after , she put her on bathing suit so that she go through the obstacle course .
the end of the obstacle course was a ball pit filled with soap .
[female] was very excited for her upcoming birthday party .
even grandma had stopped by to wish [female] a happy birthday .
we got [female] a delicious cake from the bakery .
we set up a bubble bath game for all the kids that came .
all of the kids had a great time and [female] had an awesome birthday !
[female] was ready for some birthday action .
she helped with the decorations .
she successfully blew out the candles on her terrific cake .
and then it was time to take a slide in the wet and wild ball pit .
her baby brother [male] was just waiting for her to swim in .
today i woke up really early and wore my favorite dress . it was a really special day , my birthday .
i started hanging the decorations up everywhere to get ready for the party .
i blew out my candle and made a really big wish .
my wish came true ! my parents got me some slip and slides and other water fun things .
my little brother joined in the fun in the sudsy pool ! he ended the day by taking an outside bath !
it was so much fun at the birthday
little cindy has a blast
the little girls babie cake was awesome
they even had a slip and slide
complete with a ball pit
he had a farm theme party .
grandpa made a surprise appearance .
he was so happy to have him there .
he played basketball with him .
he enjoyed grandpas gift a lot .
this was a carrot cake , but not made from carrots .
the family all piled in the room for the birthday party .
he was so excited for his birthday and his cake and presents .
grandpa showed them how to shoot some hoops .
the boy and his friends were all having a good time at the party .
jackons birthday has arrived ! we have a carrot cake !
we are so happy grandpappy was able to come !
ok [male] - get ready ... 1 ... .2 ... .3 ! ! ! make a wish .
look at grandpappy - he is shooting some hoops ! go grandpappy , go ! !
[male] was fortunate to have friends and family for his birthday celebration .
[male] liked carrots and insisted on a special type of carrot cake .
grandpa felt bad that he never ate his carrots as a kid .
when it was time to blow out the candles [male] asked for a few seconds to think of his wish .
grandpa was able to play a few games of basketball by the time .
afterwards the children enjoyed the cake and had fun .
[male] 's birthday party was quite a hit . he said he wanted a carrot cake and his mom has this weird sense of humor so he got this .
grandpa was n't too amused by it , but he kept it to himself .
[male] was a little surprised , but happy to see that it actually was carrot cake .
uncle [male] kept shooting hoops inside until we made him stop so the kids would get a turn .
but really the kids and [male] were more interested in the presents than the basketball game .
rise and shine , birthday girl . it was going to be fun filled day with her bestie .
we started with a birthday breakfast .
then off to the hair salon to get our hair and nails done .
the girls enjoyed being pampered .
here they are looking lovely after their day of beauty .
the birthday girl finally awoke .
they started with a meal .
then the girls went to the salon for hair styles .
then got their nails done .
they were all smiles .
sleepy [female] awoke this morning to mommy yelling her name . `` let 's go out to lunch [female] ! ''
her sister bea and her at lunch . she ordered taco 's and [female] ordered spaghetti , beans and an egg roll .
later on sleepy [female] got her hair cut . she loved it .
after [female] 's haircut she got her nails done . she was having such a relaxing day .
`` smile ! '' mommy said to bea and [female] . she took their picture and they went back home .
looks like someone is a sleepyhead this morning .
two friends go to lunch before a spa day .
at the spa and deciding what to get done .
soaking our fingers for a manicure .
hair and nails done , what a fun day .
the little girl woke up to her day of pampering .
she ate her favorite breakfast .
she got her hair done .
then they did her nails .
she had a wonderful day .
happy birthday to our little girl !
she is loving her cake . all her friends came to help her celebrate .
brotherly love ! so sweet to see .
all the kids had a blast roller skating .
i think she hurt her hand . her mommy is making it better .
they were all getting ready to eat some cake at the party .
the girl was having fun with her friends and family .
the cake was being served and all the girls gathered for a slice .
these two were the life of the party .
finally , everyone went to skate after the cake was done .
there was a lovely cake presented to the child .
she smiled around her friends before laughing .
there were many little children there to have fun .
the kids skated after that ate cake .
my daughter was very happy that we had her party there .
we decided to have the birthday party at a roller rink .
the children were in good spirits and looking forward to skating .
the kids ate their pizza and had their cake , then they were off .
skating is so much fun .
this little girl was all tired out from the day of fun .
[male] 's great looking birthday cake .
[male] smiling and enjoying her big day .
mom cuts the cake so everyone can have a piece .
[male] and [male] making funny faces for the camera .
rollerskating the end the evening on a really fun note .
let me document this day .
all the guys are gathered at their favorite spot . there is a surprise for one .
gunny ! today is his birthday .
a surprise cake is a cause for celebration ! gunny is a little dramatic as he gets ready to blow out the candles .
success ! ! happy birthday gunny !
my friends told me we were going to this karaoke bar but i never could have imagined what they had in mind .
they tried and tried to get me up to sing a song but i resisted because i am so shy and i really ca n't sing .
i got the real surprise for the night later when they gave me a birthday cake with my name on it and that really made me smile .
they cake looked even more beautiful with the lights dimmed and the candles all lit up and i never dreamed a bunch of guy friends would do this for me .
there were a lot of smiles that night as you can see by my friends grin in this picture and a good time was had by all that i never will forget .
my birthday was so much fun this year .
all of my friends got together to throw me a party .
they even bought be a cake .
i had to think of something good to wish for .
i think my wish will come true .
cameras were at the ready for this special evening .
it was our buddy 's birthday and we were going to surprise him with a cake .
the restaurant did a great job and even spelled his name right
can he blow out all those candles ? he 's been a smoker for years .
he did it with one blow . miracles do happen !
capturing lots of birthday memories with his phone .
the brothers have fun celebrating together .
the candles on the birthday cake are lit .
the birthday boy is making a wish .
he blows out the candles in one breath .
the baby played for a few hours in the morning .
she smiled for the camera and she was really happy .
she built many things with her toys .
and she is also learning how to clean up .
my husband wanted to take a picture with her .
[male] [female] was playing with her toys as always .
being goofy at the camera is her thing .
she held on to the book shelf .
suddenly she stood up by herself for the very first time .
daddy is so proud of his little girl . he ca n't believe how quickly she 's growing .
enjoying her new toy .
smiling for the camera .
learning to pull up .
she made is all the way up .
time for daddy cuddles .
[male] 's baby , [female] was finally getting the toys she wanted .
she was so excited to get toys and a jumper .
she played all day and did n't stop .
she inspected every nook and cranny of the new room .
[male] and her had a blast .
that 's my baby . her name is [female] .
she 's a happy child . i think she knows how loved she is .
she 's young but already she loves to explore her world .
wow , she 's almost walking . it wo n't be long now .
that 's her proud papa . he 's a great father .
gizzy is so spoiled ! gets carried around all the time .
oh now he 's getting me the stink eye..lol .
look at those crazy eyes . he was chewing on the blanket .
oh boy ... he just thinks he 's all that . he is pretty cute .
he 's attacking that nasty sock . get it boy ... show it who 's boss .
we got a new dog from the shelter today .
he loved to chew things up , starting with this towel .
then he moved on to my foot and he has sharp teeth .
we told him he was going back if he did n't stop chewing so he walked away mad .
a few minutes later he came and sat on the couch with us to watch television without chewing anything .
my dog is always the life of the party .
he always finds something to chew on .
sometimes , he chews on people .
everyone loves him anyway though .
he really is a good dog .
here 's [male] trying to photobomb the picture !
now , he has gotten his teeth on his favorite pillow .
time to take a nice walk with his pillow while chewing on his pillow .
always trying to get in the picture . [male] wants to take a selfie .
[male] has now decided he should bother us as much as possible !
the puppy dog had a bath .
he was all wet and fresh and clean .
he really did n't want to give up his towel .
he is a very silly dog .
next he tried to eat his owners sock .
started the day with hot coffee .
the city had neat architecture .
the view were picture perfect .
we made a quick stop at starbucks .
the last stop was the horse farm .
[male] really likes [female]
[female] is n't that interested in [male] though .
[female] always eats ice cream in a sexy way .
[male] is always loyal to his friends though .
[female] decided to give him a chance . she could n't be happier
[male] and [female] finished some coffee as they prepared to depart the train station .
they saw some interesting architecture on their trip .
[male] took [female] 's picture in front of the buildings .
they met a local celebrity who agreed to take a picture with [female] .
later on they took a bus to a ranch outside of town . [female] got to feed a donkey ! it was a fun trip .
on our trip to the city we decided to stop by a coffee shop .
we visited some beautiful buildings .
and had our pictures taken against the skyline .
organization is always the favorite place to go .
we also went out to the countryside to the horse farms .
the drink seems to be a bit too hot .
the building is big with a unique design .
the woman is posing in front of the city .
boyfriend and girlfriend are posing in front of organization .
the horse likes getting the attention .
i have a date tonight and the sun is going down .
we are going to the fair in town .
after the fair we walk around town .
we stop to get some beers and sit around talking and drinking them .
when he drops me off at home , i realize i am in love .
the day was dawning , yet girls night was just getting started .
i was lounging on my patio as my girls started to arrive .
[female] went straight for the wine .
[female] loves her beer .
we sat there and drank all night and watched the view as night set in .
as the sun sets on friday night , [female] is looking forward to her night with her fiance .
a full moon peeks over the horizon and the city provides a breathtaking view .
she shows a small resistance to this photo being taken since she wants private time with her guy .
since he has gone to the bathroom and she is alone for a minute , she is more willing to have this photo taken .
they have returned to her apartment and her guy takes this photo that reflects the happiness and comfort that she feels being with him .
it was a gorgeous evening for date night .
this is where we decided to go .
we were intrigued by the beauty .
we sat down to have our drinks .
upon reflection , it was a wonderful evening .
this was the view from our hotel . it was our first night on the island .
another view of a nearby city from the hotel restaurant .
our friends took this picture when i was n't feeling photogenic .
after a few beers i did n't mind being photographed .
my best friend and fellow traveler looking beautiful as always .
the sushi we ate was beautiful .
this is some of the best kimchi i 've ever had .
the wine was expensive but we were having a good night .
i do n't remember the name of this dish but i liked it a lot .
the birthday cake was masterful , beautiful , and we all loved it !
a chef prepares a chocolate birthday cake for a special birthday girl .
the cake is n't finished until all of the decorations are done .
after the cake is decorated , the candles are added . the girl is very excited to blow them out .
after eating some cake , the girl enjoys a nice , refreshing beverage .
before the night 's over , one of the girl 's friends surprises her with a huge balloon animal .
friday was [female] 's ' birthday and we went out for sushi .
we ate seaweed salad , and had sushi rolls .
[female] had a glass of wine to celebrate .
some of the sushi looked down right strange .
we ended the night with a traditional birthday cake for [female] 's special day .
my husband took me out for my birthday to a wonderful restaurant .
besides the salmon they served excellent side dishes .
i enjoyed my dinner with a glass of fine white wine .
after dinner we cleansed the palate .
it was followed by the most luscious birthday cake i 'd ever seen !
this was the delicious dinner served tonight at the birthday party .
here is one of the side dishes . it was yummy !
a wonderful glass of white wine to accompany the meal .
this was a surprisingly tasty treat .
to finish off the fine dinner , a beautiful birthday cake .
the girl and her husband went over the menu , overwhelmed by all the choices .
they had never been to this restaurant before and there were a lot of things on the menu they were n't familiar with .
the meal started off with a rather bland salad .
this was followed by a very small main course .
the man was not impressed and it showed on his face .
tonight is family night at the restaurant , and we are disagreeing on what to eat .
we decided on a salad with corn for an appetizer .
i got a great meaty dish for for my main course .
and after some family pictures with my sister .
it is time for dessert .
the young people were happy to be celebrating at their favorite restaraunt
there were so many things to choose fro , .
the first course was a delicious , crispy salad of fresh greens and vegetables .
if only there were more appetizers .
at last , desert makes a perfect ending to the meal .
the birthday boy chose a restaurant we had never been to .
the menu was extensive and it took us a long time to choose a meal .
we started with a fresh salad . i was really hungry by the time it arrived .
such a tender and tasty dish . but the portion was quite small !
a unique birthday dessert for a one of a kind brother .
my friends and i decided to try this new restaurant we 've been hearing about .
the pictures on the menu look very appetizing making my decision of what to get even more difficult .
i chose a salad with corn for my appetizer .
does n't this look delicious ? ! i ca n't wait to try it .
the food was so good that i had to try one of their desserts too . the food was amazing ! i 'm sure to eat here again .
one day a man was dreaming about starting his own company .
he knew his wife would be a perfect leader for his new staff .
he thought he would start each day with food and festivities for his workers .
maybe at the end of the day they could have pizza and beer .
and he could play them a song on his guitar .
the party was coming up and this guy had a secret .
the beer was free and the food was good .
the music was great !
none of us expected these two to play so well together .
after the party we had to relax on some beanbag chairs .
he sat listening to his introduction .
he was waiting for the show to began .
he opened the show with a quick song on his guitar .
his friend joined in on the keyboard .
after they both took a break in the kids room .
he was thinking about the upcoming staff meeting .
he wanted to let his staff know they had been doing a great job .
there was snacks .
here is a staff member enjoying a snack .
they finished the meeting with a song .
this coworker volunteered to entertain at our office party .
our boss landed a big contract and excitedly shared details at the celebration .
so this is what he does at home . i only see him sitting at a desk !
two talented coworkers shared their musical gifts at the party .
we relaxed and exchanged ideas for the remainder of the day .
the ski resort was busy .
the kids strapped on their snowboards and took the lift up .
they had some trouble at first .
later they were just cruising down the slopes
by dusk , both were worn out and ready to go home .
this ski lounge was beautiful and we couldnt wait to get in the snow .
the kids were getting ready for some skiing . [female] they can handle this mountain .
uh oh dont hurt yourself ! dont worry she was fine .
we let the kids ride the ski lift , hope they liked the view from up there .
we had a great time at the ski resort but had to head back to the car at the end of the day .
the whole ski resort was going out for the day .
they took the lifts up to the hills .
and a few people fell .
but they got the hang off it after a bit .
everyone had fun skiing together .
a couple took a vacation down in the alps .
they started by taking the chair lift up the mountain .
on the way down , one of them fell , but they were okay .
they got back up and made their way down the mountain .
at the end of the day , they decided to go sledding !
such a beautiful day to take the kids skiing and sledding at this beautiful winter wonderland .
the kids are taking their first ride on the ski lift .
they tried their best to ski . there was a lot of minor falls .
they decided maybe they should try something else .
in the end , they decided on sledding . they had a great time .
it was my nieces 16th birthday so we decided to go into the city to experience what it could offer .
at a little stand we saw the cutest stuffed animals , she just had to have it .
afterwards we went to a factory that produced bubble material .
her she is testing the product , the joy she had that day was just amazing .
once we got home we had one final surprise , a cake with her favorite animated character .
[female] is taking a picture of her dog .
after that she heads out to the street to take some more .
she starts to blow a bubble and is really having fun .
her dog is at home waiting for her to come back .
[female] finally arrives back home and decides to have a seat .
yesterday i went to my friend sue 's house to hang out .
we had lots of fun playing outside .
she had this bubble wand that we made bubbles with .
even her dog , spot , played with us .
we played so hard , that at the end of the day we were very tired .
i 'm trying different settings on my new camera . time to get creative !
i took this photo through a giant bubble .
more bubbles needed to experiment with my camera .
my favorite subject does n't mind posing .
later on i adjusted the colors using software as well . i was pleased in the end .
[male] was planning a surprise birthday party for her friend , [male] .
[male] really loves sponge [male] , so [male] was setting up decorations .
she also pranked his computer but putting stickers everywhere .
she took a small break to play around with blowing bubbles , as that was going to be an activity at the party .
finally , she placed all the decorations up and waited for [male] to arrive .
my friend [female] [female] had her birthday party today at the bowling alley in town .
her husband [male] is a professional bowler and bowled almost a perfect game .
the whole game was there to celebrate her 40th birthday .
a good time was had by all .
my team won but everyone enjoyed themselves .
i had a great time bowling last weekend .
i invited all of my friends to join me .
some of them were very good bowlers .
i did the best i could .
there were a lot of people bowling that night .
there`s nothing like going bowling with good friends .
everyone has their favorite bowling balls .
its going to be a fun game tonight , i can just feel it .
there is a good atmosphere in the air .
the bowling alley is one of my favorite places to go .
last night my family and i went bowling .
my uncle [male] was in deep in concentration , it was hilarious .
the rest of us were just enjoying the fun .
the only downside were my brother 's girlfriend would n't stop arguing .
but all in all it was a great night .
[female] and [female] pose with the bowling ball .
[male] is ready for a good strike .
we all had such a nice time bowling .
here [male] and [female] are getting to know each other .
[male] was a happy he did n't lose the game .
[female] 's first ride on the train.headed to the park near my boyfriend 's house .
mommy and [female] hugging and loving on each other .
daddy sitting on the bench as we ran in circles..lol
we all made a lunch date with our friends including [female] before heading back home .
we are pooped.time for a nap.had a great day.pictures are worth a thousand words .
there are a lot of cool things in the town i visited .
there are plenty of landmarks here .
this sign was especially cool .
i liked the design of this on top of the store .
i found this ad rather enticing as well .
here we are at the metro .
the sign outside the association .
location has beautiful old signs .
i really like how this overhang looks .
sex does sell apparently . time to go home .
i stopped in the town last week .
there were not a lot of people there .
i had a sign telling me how far i needed to go .
i had a great time there .
i went to check out some of their shops .
my wife and our daughter are absolutely inseparable .
she 's constantly taking photographs with the baby .
i took this picture on her camera just so there could be a little diversity in our pictures .
i 'm really not complaining though .
i am a lucky man , with a beautiful wife and daughter , who love me , and love each other very much .
my family and i all met at a restaurant for my mom 's birthday .
the food was amazing and everyone was pleased .
it was time to light the candles .
everyone decided to help with that .
the frosting stained everyone 's mouths , we were quite a sight .
we had a birthday party for our friend this week .
the cake was pretty big and shared between all of us .
we lit the cake and blew out all the candles .
here is the birthday boy with his girlfriend .
the frosting was so blue , it turned his tongue a different color !
we gathered for [male] 's surprise party at the restaurant .
we got the signal that he was in the parking lot .
we lit all the candles and got the cameras ready .
[male] 's face will tell you how he feels about surprises .
eventually he came around and joined in the fun . everyone had a great time .
when the family comes together it is always a great time .
[female] and her husband are the quirkiest of them all
today was uncle bawby 's birthday .
mom baked the cake and every one loved it .
uncle bawby has a great time . [female] to be doing this again next year .
for my boyfriend 's 25th birthday , i got a lot of friends together .
i made him a very funky cake , with blue frosting and lots of dots .
he loved the cake . he 's a cake guy . a birthday is n't a birthday without cake for him .
i used my finger to decorate him with frosting .
i love it that he knows how to have fun !
today [male] was throwing a birthday party for [female]
she blew out her candles and made her wish !
everybody shouted `` yay ! '' and the party resumed .
[male] cut the cake for [female] ,
but instead [female] 's sister [female] dug in , and ruined the entire party .
hiroshi 's birthday was celebrated in location .
together with his cousin , they celebrated together with their family .
their cakes were delicious and huge .
hiroshi loved the chocolate cake .
he ended the day with a huge smile on his face .
her birthday had finally come .
everyone came together to celebrate .
there were so many people that there were two cakes .
the cakes looked so delicious .
everyone was really excited to eat them .
the family is all gathered around .
the birthday girl is blowing out the candles .
the family is happy to be together for the birthday .
the cake is being cut for the family .
the brother is happy at the party .
threw a birthday party today for my sister !
she had a great time , here is her blowing out the candles !
we had all of the family there today .
look at steve cut the cake , he 's so cute !
the cake was so delicious and it was so much fun today .
we were very excited to be going to the speaking conference .
there were a lot of people from all over the world inside of the building .
they had a variety of interesting displays throughout the conference .
we enjoyed stopping to see all the various booths .
we finally arrived and got to enjoy a variety of speakers before heading home .
the celebration was on full blast when [male] arrived .
he was able to see the shows .
he enjoyed the parades and music .
to top off the day he played some table games with his friend .
he ended up so tired , and hot , that he had to take off his clothes .
we went to an interesting convention the other day .
it was inside a large dome .
many presentations were given .
they had other displays on the wall like this one about football teams having a mind of their own .
the main event was at the end which had a very good turnout .
we went to vist the national look and see compertion
it was so pretty
there was so many people
we also vist the worlds largest football table
even the gaint man was there
as i walked up to the show 's location , i could see the tent for it .
inside the tent were huge pieces of art that i had to walk past .
i found the viewing area for the skyscape event and waited for the start as the lights dimmed .
after the skyscape event , i explored more in the tent , including videos about sports .
at the end of the day , i was excited for the show to finally start .
they were experimenting with the new toys .
she was very happy to be there .
she was happy to see him at the party .
he did not want to try out the new toy .
she planned on taking both of the toys home with her .
everyone came out for the festivities .
she developed a labeling system for the cups .
he is always good for a laugh at every occasion .
the birthday girl gets to open her presents .
we did n't know what they were up to , but it sure looked fun .
these best friends have come today to celebrate together .
she made sure that no one would mistake her cup with their 's .
it was great to see him come out and celebrate the day with us all .
she got the purse she 's been wanting for ages as a gift today .
she just want to make sure he gets the drink as she helps her friend .
our first drink at the party .
showing off her printed cup .
just hanging out in the yard .
opening up my gifts . love this bag .
time for some alcohol chugging .
the fun we had at the fun party for my sister
my cousin hosted everything and it ws nice
even the guys came out
and even played a few games
of course meg won verythiing
the supper was delicious .
the cake was brought out as soon as we finished .
drinks were available all night .
he stood and gave a speech .
they played the happy birthday gong to the band that was there .
everyone gathered at the restaurant for the birthday party .
the cake looked delicious .
everyone had a a slice and agreed that it was delicious .
this was the weirdest light switch they had ever encountered .
a fun time was had by all with more dessert .
we met at the restaurant for a birthday party .
we got leia a cookie cake .
we had some drinks and talked .
[male] was there too .
he played us some music with his band afterward .
we all enjoyed a hearty meal .
then the birthday cake was revealed .
leia was enjoying all the attention and drinks .
[male] stood and announced a special treat that was forthcoming .
leia 's favorite band would perform at an outdoor venue in celebration of her birthday .
we had a great weekend .
it was leia 's birthday .
we got her a great cookie cake .
someone thought it would be funny to turn the lights off .
eveyone was laughing about it . good thing i had a flash .
she was tasting some of the food they made .
he was reading the menu to see what he wanted .
everyone was picking out what meal they were going to choose .
she was happy just catching up with old friends .
she loved the mixed drinks they had .
the family held a large party outdoors .
many people came to celebrate .
as the sun set , candles were lit .
the cocktails were a big hit .
family members of all ages had a great time .
amazed at what i found .
reading a birthday letter .
everyone hanging out having a good time .
waiting for the food .
having a drink and talking with neighbor .
family get together . time to eat and hang out .
uncle [male] is having a great day . drinking lots of beers !
we are now raising a glass and congratulating my grandparents on their anniversary .
aunt [female] is enjoying the nice sunset .
my mother is very happy today . everything went according to plan .
grandma is checking something out .
grandpa is reading something real closely .
everyone is having a good time at the party .
the drink are flowing keeping everyone happy .
she is happy and laughing because it has been a good party .
we enjoyed the beers .
the facility was big enough for our group .
the whole crew was there .
she made a surprise appearance .
the night was long and fun .
today it was josephs birthday .
he was getting a lot of drunk people over unfortunately .
but everybody was having a good time . so [male] was happy .
some of josephs old friends even showed up .
here joseph is now with his loving wife !
i was so excited to finally be at the party .
a lot of my friends were messing with me all night .
it did n't matter though because there were so many fun people .
everyone was really friendly .
we all had a lot of fun getting to know each other .
he is very happy to celebrate with his friends tonight .
he looks on in amazement as he watches the story unfold .
girls just want to have fun as the celebrate the day with friends .
everyone wants to get the chance to send their well wishes .
the night was filled with fun and friends .
jeff and i went to the club on fiday to have some drinks
he met steve there as well
mostly everyone from the store came the the club
he even met up with a ex
what a great night
my dog jumped in the lake first .
next , many of the other dogs jumped in the lake to swim .
it was this dog 's birthday .
we brought cameras and visors to celebrate .
it was a shady day and we brought chairs to relax .
this is my dog [female] , she is queen for the day because it is her birthday .
my family and her dog friends had a party for her .
for games , the dogs all went swimming in the lake .
my family gave her presents .
we had a special birthday cake for her shaped like a dog bone .
my dog enjoys vacations as much as we do .
all of his friends come down and play in the water with him .
he eventually dries off and plays on ground .
everyone stands around and talks with each other .
vacations are fun for the whole family .
[female] went to doggy camp for her birthday !
all the other dogs and people were glad it was a nice hot day , perfect for playing outside .
the dogs even got to go swimming in the lake !
after that , it was time for treats !
[female] 's owners surprised her with a birthday cake ! it was great birthday for a lucky dog !
it was [female] 's third birthday and her crazy parent 's threw her a party .
everyone brought their dogs and [female] 's tail never stopped wagging .
it was a hot day and the pooches cooled off in the lake .
we had so much fun , plans were made for a play date .
the bone shaped cake was gobbled down in 6 seconds flat !
a man prepares for his birthday party .
the man 's friends and family prepare him a funny birthday cake with a twitter bird and his face on it .
many of the man 's friends and family show up for his birthday party .
everyone has a great time chatting with each other and having a nice dinner .
at the end of the night , a few of the friends and the birthday boy enjoy a drink together .
another year older but still ready to party hard .
the gang seems to get more raucous at every get together .
guess who showed up after driving in from out of state ?
the food was outstanding and one of the best i 've ever had .
we could n't stop laughing at the silly cake made for a silly guy .
yesterday [male] and i went to a birthday party .
they had a beautiful cake with the birthday boy 's picture on it .
there were lots of people there to celebrate .
every one had lots of fun opening presents , eating , and drinking .
it was a wonderful birthday party and we all enjoyed it .
[male] has reached his 21st birthday and the family has gathered at a restaurant to celebrate . [male] is enjoying being the center of attention .
however , his family has resurrected an old nickname for his cake . no [male] here .
the mood is continuing to elevate as every attendee is enjoying him or herself .
one party goer gets really happy .
finally the party settles down as the impact of being full of food calms the people . [male] is an adult today .
my uncle smooknag had another birthday .
he raises chickens so we got him a cake with his picture on a chicken .
all the relatives and some neighbors came to the party to wish him the best .
my cousin [male] photo bombed every chance he got .
here 's a picture of me and my foster family eating before we cut the cake .
it was time for our annual family dinner .
people brought over their guitars to play music to entertain us .
it was finally time to cut the roast .
we enjoyed a large meal together .
after our meal , everyone got sleepy .
[female] and her family are having a little get together .
her friends are already cooking on the grill in typical male fashion .
roth and [female] play a little music while the food is prepared .
[female] in the kitchen showing what she can do .
a surprise visit from lex luger gets everyone excited .
the dinner mom fixed was absolutely mouth watering .
the boys began to jam out on their guitar .
and then dad and [male] sliced the roast .
and we all sat down to eat .
after all that food mom was worn out !
the meat was seasoned first .
my cousins played guitar in the living room .
they collaborated on music while i made my dinner .
when dinner was ready , we all moved to the dining room .
i took a nap when everyone was fed .
today was the day of the big party , we made a ton of food .
we even got the band together to entertain us for a little while .
cooking was a group effort .
we all enjoyed the meal .
[female] was exhausted afterwards and fell asleep on the couch .
[female] smoked pot before the party .
everybody drank a lot at the party .
then [female] smoked some more pot .
[female] felt awesome .
but the next day she felt terrible and did n't know who that guy in bed with her was .
everyone gathered for [male] 's birthday dinner .
the candles were carefully lit .
he blew them out . all of them .
everyone grabbed a piece of cake .
then they discovered that the food coloring in the cake turned their tongues blue .
these double exposures were an accident but some , like this one , turned out beautiful .
this one was a prank on my older sister and her with the pouty face , the background is our house .
my younger sister giving the thumbs up with a double exposure of the big tree in our yard .
my younger sister doing jumping jacks , and the double exposure looks like it is a window or something .
this one is of my cousin and his wife . no double exposure , but funny caused i scared them waking them up .
we all met up for a few drinks .
we got to the bar and got the first round .
after a few , we where feeling good .
we drank until morning .
then we dealt with it the next day .
a group of young women went on a road trip .
there were some happy celebrations with alcohol during the evenings .
they had a good time in the countryside .
even where there were no attractions to visit , they were happy about just being out celebrating .
after such busy days , it was difficult for them to get up the following mornings .
my name is [female] and i like to do things with my friends .
sometimes we just hang out on my front porch and talk about life .
other times we all go out and grab a bite to eat .
we like to gather on the boardwalk and watch the sunset together .
my life is full of colors and fun because of my great friends .
the group went out for a bite to eat before going to the park .
there was much fun to be had on the playground .
he was swinging like tarzan .
it was a good time for a group photo .
finally , just relaxing and talking at the end of the night .
we ate before we went to the park so that we would have plenty of energy .
the tree houses were so big .
the kids also had fun on the swings .
we were happy to be with family .
everyone had a lot of fun .
the woman is caught of gaurd as her picture is taken .
everyone gathers on the porch .
we are finishing our last bites before we leave .
we all listen to the story about the thier injury .
the beautiful sun set on such a glorious evening .
i spent the day catching up with some old classmates .
we went to the old playground we played on as kids .
we had fun acting like kids , too .
then we hung out next to the park .
we talked for most of the night .
my husband was really surprised when he came home for his birthday .
he found himself surrounded by his friends and family .
he loved the special card the children put together for him .
the cake for his 40th birthday was special made and unusual .
he had fun cutting the cake and eating it too .
everyone showed up to the party !
my sister made the best xbox cake .
we played party games .
i cut the cake and everyone was excited to have some .
we all took home some of the fun party decorations .
everyone threw a surprise birthday party for [male] .
he was very surprised when he showed up .
they had photo albums of is life put together for him .
they presented him with a happy 40th birthday cake .
he was truly surprised and happy when he cut his cake .
surprise ! birthday boy was handed a drink as soon as he walked in .
my brother 's coworkers turned out to be lots of fun .
he got a little teary eyed when he received this gift of old family photos .
check out his cake . it was a recreation of his favorite pastime .
he hated to cut the cake . he really loved it .
more arrivals makes the party more festive
a big 40th birthday wish to a video game enthusiast
everyone is having fun , especially the kids making use of the balloons
time for birthday boy to cut the cake
more balloons to keep the festivities alive
[male] is having a cup of tea but he really wants to get out of the house .
[male] finally gets outside and decides to go on a bike ride .
[male] is really enjoying his bike ride out .
he heads into the city on his bike and is having a lot of fun .
[male] is heading home and back to his apartment after a fun bike ride .
he had his morning coffee to prepare for his ride .
he looked over the mountain to see the view .
the front entrance to the church .
good friends posing for a photo .
riding through the city to get to the mountain .
[male] starts out his morning with a cup of tea and toast .
he then visits his local church to appease his spirituality .
he goes from the church to a nice biking trail nearby .
he then stops by a local market and takes a couple of selfies .
then [male] bikes his way home to end his day !
before i start my day i like to have cappuccino .
i also visit my favorite church to pray before i get started with my day .
i ride my bike for exercise and it gets me outside in the beautiful countryside .
i have plenty of friends that also ride with me .
when i get to work i 'm ready to deal with the world .
the man ate breakfast to get ready for a day of bicycle riding .
he posed for a picture on the balcony .
he rode to the top of the hill .
he took a selfie in the city .
he rode away with other bicyclers .
today is my friends son 's birthday , we stop by their house to get ready for the party .
our kids pose for a few pictures together .
my daughter put some makeup on his face even though he did not want it , in preparation for all the attention he will be receiving .
he still bowled better than all the kids .
and then there was cake all the kids were happy .
the boy woke up very happy because it was his birthday and he got to open presents .
his mother was so happy that he liked his gifts .
after they finished with presents , they went to the bowling alley .
many of his friends were there and there was even a birthday cake !
the mother even let the boy have some soda since it was a special occasion .
we started his birthday at home celebrating with the cousins .
they are all a bunch of hams .
silly face kids .
we took them laser bowling afterwards .
we bought the cake to the bowling alley and finished celebrating there .
today was the little boy 's birthday , and his mom and his sister wanted to make him happy .
the boy 's friend from school came over to celebrate .
they gave him silly decorations for his face .
they then took him to go play a game at night with his friends .
finally , they all came back home and celebrated with some cake !
celebrating his birthday at the bowling alley .
having fun with his older sister .
his sister put marker in his face .
happy about getting a strike .
singing happy birthday and about to cut the cake .
we decided to take a family skiing trip to the mountains , i do n't think i could have asked for a better view .
once we got tired with the day we decided to settle down for some dinner .
of course what better way to relax in the evening than with plenty of alcohol .
we were lucky enough to meet this man who carved a wood log for us to commemorate our trip for next to nothing .
in the evening we all gathered around to watch the sun set together .
a group of friends decorates two birthday cakes for two of their other friends .
after eating some cake , the friends decide to go to a ski resort together .
the view from the top of the mountain is beautiful .
the clouds in the sky start to turn dark , so the friends leave before it starts to storm .
at the end of the day , the friends all celebrate together with some alcoholic beverages .
the mountain view was amazing .
we all had a nice dinner before going out that night .
there were a lot of drinks to choose from .
outside they were all busy with preparations .
the night sky was beautiful .
a couple of friends were staying at a mountainside area for vacation .
they dined in a restaurant and enjoyed each other 's company .
the restaurant had a wide selection of alcoholic beverages .
then , they traveled to see local merchants making their wares .
they finished the day by watching the sunset on the mountainside .
here 's the view from our mountain ski lodge .
the men relaxed after a long day on the slopes .
after too much of this we did n't ski the until late the next day .
we took a stroll through the village on our last day here .
our final night in the mountains . ca n't wait til next year !
busted out the [male] for tonights party so you know its gon na be a good one .
heres my buddy trying to get down , hes always so awkward .
the dj table got a bit messy . what song you guys wan na hear ?
i made everybody get down with the jams .
look at those sweet moves . we danced all night , great party .
this bottle is going to be finished at the end of the night .
signing songs was a lot of fun .
we had a great playlist of songs to do karaoke to .
everyone danced and drank until we could n't anymore .
these two danced the longest .
she was showing off her bottle of [male] .
he was ready dance all night , but could not find a partner .
they had all the music equipment set up and ready .
she was planning on djing all night .
finally , everyone started to dance .
i went to the party with a bottle [male] .
after a few people got up and started dancing .
there were bottles everywhere .
the dj kept the music going nicely .
we danced the night away .
i will be celebrating my birthday with a group of friends .
that 's my girl friend getting a good laugh at some of the antics of some of my guests .
we also hired a d.j . for some great music
you can see [female] swift also came by to party with me . [female] already looks smashed .
here i 'm teaching my boyfriend to dance . maybe [female] can teach us some moves .
i invited all of my friends and family to my place last night .
there were a lot of people there .
i showed them my collage .
i took more pictures for my collage .
i hate a great time with everyone .
it was a halloween party and everyone had killer costumes .
reddick came dressed as a box silly kid .
there was a guy dressed like [male] and his two female friends .
this guy did n't dress up because he was n't in the mood .
[male] did n't dress up either he thought costumes are for little kids .
everyone had great costumes for [female] 's halloween party .
i thought these three had the best costumes of the party .
you can see that [female] has an obsession with older , handsome men .
[female] and [female] looked really cute in their costumes .
[female] did n't get the memo that this was a costume party . we were really happy he showed up though .
our halloween party began early .
we got games to play
many pretty girls arrived .
[male] forgot his costume .
[male] is dressed as a hawaiian .
everyone was having a great time at the halloween party .
all of our friends were there dressed up in cool outfits .
[male] was busy talking to two sisters who did n't seem interested .
[male] came dressed as a nerd , it was pretty funny .
we all had a great time at the party that night .
we got to the party ok .
fooling around before we went in .
some of us might have had too much fun .
it was a nice day .
good bye for now !
the car broke down .
they were unsure what to do .
they discussed their options .
decided they would walk to the nearest stop .
which was n't far at all .
[male] was hanging out with his friends on a lazy afternoon .
[female] was always being silly .
they were all drinking and having a good time .
[female] told and incredible story .
[female] was so suprised .
the friends were trying to fix their broken down car .
they all seem perplexed by the problem .
they stood around looking confused .
no one had any good ideas .
finally they gave up trying to fix it .
[female] , [female] , anelle , and rob were glad their driving class was over ; what a waste of time !
`` get your butt off the phone ! '' shouted anelle , `` we want to get going ! ''
`` wan na ' drink , [female] ? '' said [female] .
`` you 're kidding , right ? '' said [female] . `` we just learned about drinking and driving and you 're pulling this ? ''
`` it was a joke ! '' said [female] .
the family had a get together with other family members .
they had a great time together .
everyone seemed very happy with each other .
they all sat near each other .
they were excited to be taking pictures .
the girls got ready to meet everyone for dinner .
they parked at the restaurant and waited for everyone else .
they went inside and laughed at [male] and karaoke .
everyone had a great dinner .
they can not wait to enjoy dinner again .
mother and daughter with matching shirts .
the daughter and her boyfriend outside
they go back inside to engage in festivities .
check out the table they have , it 's nice .
one last big family photo .
the women wore yellow shirts at the events .
most of the cars in the parking lot where white and small .
the men wore green shirts and sang .
together , we took a group picture of the association .
after the event , we ate and shared stories .
the co-workers had a conference to go to .
the two co-workers sat down while they waited for everyone else to finish .
after the conference they went out .
they had a good time trying all of the different instruments .
the co-workers had a good bonding experience .
we threw a party for [male] .
one person helped to light the candles on the cake .
another person helped light another cake .
[male] loved his cake .
everyone had a great time .
he carefully lit the candles , and everyone got ready to surprise [male] .
[male] could n't believe they got him a cake . he made his secret wish and blew out the candles .
he carefully cut the cake into slices , feeling really happy that his co-workers went to all this trouble for him .
everyone agreed that the cake tasted great .
some people wanted to know if they could have seconds !
[male] 's birthday cake ready to get cut .
[male] starts to put his candles on his cake before lighting .
then they start to light his candles before singing happy birthday .
once they cake is cut they start to serve it to everyone that wants it .
more people serves and get cake to eat .
i made a big cake for the party today .
everyone put a lot of candles on it .
i was very proud .
everyone enjoyed the cupcakes .
i 'll make more cakes for them tomorrow .
[male] 's birthday !
[male] wang was a genius .
he rarely took time for frivolous things like parties .
it had been a surprise or he would n't have .
he wanted to be a good sport though .
it started out with just one beer and a look .
[male] was there at the right time to swoop in on [female] .
3 years later she has a beautiful 9 month old and is celebration their anniversary .
at the same place that they met .
their 2 year old brought them together .
family friends are meeting up for dinner .
there are good eats .
even lemons taste good with friends .
the restaurant is part rodeo !
say goodbye until next time !
the family went out to eat .
dad was having a great time .
mom and the baby were happy to be out .
the steaks looked delicious .
even the kids were eating their food .
we were enjoying our night at the steakhouse .
the steaks were cooked to perfection .
[male] boy loves lemons .
the party was fun .
it was a good birthday .
the family was out to dinner and having fun .
the food came and it all looks so good .
[male] was having fun playing with lemons .
there was lots of fun music on , so they did some dancing .
the cousins had fun dancing as well .
it 's the little things that make life awesome . like your first kiss .
wearing mommy 's shoes .
getting your first guitar .
getting to go to your first concert without your parents .
do n't let the sun go down without counting your blessings .
the fourth of july is a very enjoyable holiday .
it is a time for family .
for kids to do activities .
some places even have concerts .
this little boy loves the fourth of july so much he learns to play guitar .
when i grew up my sister was always annoying .
she would always try on my moms clothes and make a mess .
for her birthday one year , she got a guitar .
little did i know that she 'd be a famous singer one day .
and go on tour around the country !
while cleaning out the attic , i found a box full of old pictures including an embarrassing one of me kissing my brother .
there was an old photo of my mother taking me to my first rock concert .
another photo of 5 year old me setting up for a birthday party .
more photos from another rock concert .
and a photo of my brother learning to play the guitar .
it 's my sister 's 30th birthday and i 'm picking out childhood photos for the party .
here she is with mom at an outdoor concert .
this is me at her 10th birthday party 20 years ago .
this was the band my sister was obsessed with . she had all their posters on her wall .
my brother tried to learn guitar , he loved that band too .
my birthday party was so amazing .
[male] is making weird faces in this picture .
mom took a picture with some of my friends .
everyone decided to take a picture together .
[male] is imitating aunt [female] in this picture .
we played kickball outside .
everyone enjoyed it .
afterward we went back inside .
there were some nice decorations indoors .
afterward we went back outside to play some more .
[male] loved the simpsons .
`` surf 's up '' says craig .
the kids and mom having fun .
the whole family is back together .
watch mom cut a rug !
what 's better than a birthday balloon , a simpson 's birthday balloon !
all my friends were having a good time .
my aunt [female] even posed for a picture with us .
some of my friends got really dressed up for my party .
but this was definitely the best dressed person at the party !
it was [male] 's birthday and the whole family was there .
the cousins were ready to party !
everyone was excited to celebrate !
everyone gathered together to take a picture and then play some games .
[male] even put on a show for everyone by dressing up as a woman .
we were excited to be visiting the city for the day .
we had been saving and waiting weeks to make trip out .
we visited the park and saw the beautiful scenery .
we even saw a brightly colored bird that grabbed our attention .
we had a great time visiting the city and seeing the park .
our first trip to location .
we felt better knowing that there were fire extinguishers available .
there was a race going on , but we could n't find any runners .
they may have disappeared down these stairs .
we found beautiful flowers during the trip .
we came to the city looking for adventure .
we were so excited to be there .
the architecture was amazing .
we even found some cute animals there .
the city skyline at night was the best part .
our visit to location was amazing .
the celebrated valentine 's day , too .
the architecture was amazing .
the native animals were also very pretty .
the lights lit up the sky at night .
the beautiful flowers are in front of the city .
the two best friends are happy to be having a great time .
the city has a very long staircase .
the bird is taking a break .
the city lights are a beautiful sight for the best friends trip .
starting the night off with a game of pool .
the place was getting crowded real fast .
it was a hard decision for him ; to drink or not to drink .
this one had no qualms about drinking that night .
a picture of all the friends on a memorable evening .
party at the club ! got ta love hanging with friends .
i think i 've had enough to drink . starting to see things .
wow ! what am i seeing ! this is totally hot ! !
this is my gal . she keeps me in check when drinking .
all the gang loving each other .
she started the night by watching her friend play some pool .
then it was time for dancing !
then they needed to decide which drinks to get .
drinks were chosen and down they went .
overall , it was a fun night out with friends .
i love [male] 's pool bar !
the upper level is so cool . i adore looking down at the heads of all the partying folks .
sal , the bartender , is a wizard with drinks .
we had a few too many last night .
but you can see we all have a great time . we always do !
we met in a pool hall before beginning our evening on the town .
we found a great place to dance with a couple of talented djs .
we tried some champagne cocktails and got a little tipsy .
some of us kept drinking till the room began to spin .
at the end of the fun night , we had a group hug .
she was happy to open her presents .
she received just what she wanted for her birthday .
the cake came out perfect .
the kids all sat at the table to have a slice .
even the baby enjoyed the cake .
it 's christmas day and the smiths are opening their gifts .
[female] got just what she had ask for as [female] looks on .
it 's also [female] 's birthday on christmas so she gets a special cake .
after presents they gather around the table for dinner .
this is the one time a year [female] gets to sit at the big kids table .
it was [female] 's 6th birthday .
she got some great presents !
everyone was excited when it was time for cake !
they could n't wait to try the homemade dessert .
[female] 's little sister thought it tasted so yummy !
mom watches as i open my presents .
this giant lego set is my favorite present .
time to sing happy birthday .
the family gathers to enjoy some birthday cake together .
even the baby loves chocolate cake .
having a birthday on christmas eve can be tough , but we try hard to make it a special day for [female] .
we have a party in the morning , to not confuse it with the rest of the day . [female] loved her barbie lego castle !
we always have a cake and candles , without a christmas theme .
the kids all gather at the table early in the day for the cake .
[female] 's little sister [female] loved the cake !
looks like some friends are out for an evening of fun .
two gentleman are eating pizza but want to hide from the camera for a bit of fun .
a lovely lady is going to meet the one gentleman for food and drinks .
another happy couple out for an evening of food and drink .
look how happy they are posing for the camera , must be time to head home .
cameras were set up so we could share the evening on organization .
old friends and new friends shared a table .
the man of the hour was a little late as usual .
when these two brothers get together they turn into little boys .
she 's such a flirt and they left together at the end of the night .
the guys are having a casual meal together .
clowning around is what guys do when with other guys .
the mood changes when some babes arrive . this one looks hot in one of the guy 's hat .
[male] is ready to act more mature to impress [female] . the act is working .
[male] is now sitting upright and is not hiding behind his sandwich . he is being treated well by marnie for his grown-up behavior .
the guys went to a bar to have dinner .
the food arrived and it was awesome !
[male] sees a pretty girl from across the bar .
[male] invites them to come over to have a drink .
[male] and the pretty girl fall in love .
eating out to celebrate a birthday .
got caught doing a hamburger competition .
the birthday girl is having fun and is all smile .
ready to dance and drinking beer with her girlfriend .
birthday girl with her boyfriend having a good time .
this grandma just booked a reservation to take her grandson to his favorite place for his birthday .
when they arrive everyone fights over where to sit .
she tells her grandson he can have whatever he wants .
the suspense is killing her she has a great surprise for the birthday boy..
when his cake arrives he is very happy !
great grandma is excited to learn about her new laptop .
[male] enjoys reading from his book .
[female] always wants hugs from her favorite boy .
[male] is still too sleepy for breakfast .
[male] and great grandma have really enjoyed their visit .
grandma was dressed and ready for the party before we arrived . to pick her up .
this handsome face greeted us when we got to the restaurant .
his mom is so proud of her only son . she spoils him rotten .
grandma was in great spirits as she was surrounded by 3 generations .
everyone posed with grandma at least once before the night ended .
today is grandma 's birthday . everyone come by to give her presents .
after she opened the presents , everyone went out for dinner .
[male] got a coloring book to use while they waited for their food .
grandma had a few drinks and started getting a little racist toward the waiters .
grandma laughed at her racist jokes , but everyone else at the table was really embarrassed .
grandmother opening her new gift and loving it .
the family is eating out to celebrate grandmother 's birthday .
her grandson is ready to eat all the food .
grandmother is surrounded by her family and is feeling blessed .
singing happy birthday and blowing out her candles .
it was uncle [male] 's 40th birthday so we decided to take him to one of his favorite resturants .
his tomatoe basil soup looked absolutely to die for , i do n't think he stopped to breathe while eating this .
there was a group of rambunkcious people at the table next to us that we tried to ignore .
[male] was completely shocked by the portion size they brought out for him . he really did n't think he could finish it by himself .
uncle [male] was the happiest i had seen him in a long time , the unexpected things in life are always the best .
it is friday which is family night at a local restaurant .
[male] is not impressed with going to the same place every friday .
still he orders the same tomato soup .
his girlfriend thinks this is funny for him to complain .
his sister and her new son get all the attention though , no one is paying attention to him .
we finally had a night off from the baby .
we went to a great place with good food .
met a bunch of our friends there and ate family style .
they had a babysitter same as us .
it was nice to get away for a few hours .
the couple decided to have a night out with their friends at a nice restaurant .
the first dish was a vegetable curry which was really spicy .
the next dish was a pasta dish .
their friend really enjoyed eating the food .
at the end , they concluded the night with some nice photos !
suzi and [male] were celebrating their anniversary with some friends .
they went to their favorite restaurant , the one with all the great soups .
everyone enjoyed trying all the great food .
all their friends were happy to be there celebrating with suzi and [male] .
suzi 's best friend made a toast to them and wished them many more happy years .
the couples were excited and ready to go on their date .
[female] told [male] that he had dropped some food on his shirt .
[female] thought that that [male] and [female] looked so cute that she took their picture .
the girls we having an awesome time on the date and made some plans for later on .
[male] gave [female] a glow in the dark necklace and asked her to go to a party with him .
the kids were all dressed up for the party .
the girls were very happy to be able to go together .
a romantic evening had been planned for the couples .
a few additional friends stopped in , but they were happily welcomed !
despite the new guests , the kids were able to have a special evening .
the group of people were ready to go to prom .
[female] and emo [male] were dating .
afterwards erica took a selfie of herself .
her best friend laerica was secretly cheating with her boyfriend .
little did she know her boyfriend was also cheating on her .
double dating with there best friends .
eating out after dancing .
about to drink her strawberry lemonade .
the girls are happy about the outcome of the night .
loving her date and her new boyfriend .
a group of friends go out before the prom .
the two girls pose for a photo . they are excited about the upcoming dance .
the girl and her boyfriend cuddle in a booth .
another friend sees them at the restaurant and joins them .
the couple poses for a photo to always remember this night .
it is going to be a star studded weekend .
grab your cowboy hat .
do n't forget your sunglasses .
do n't worry about forgetting anything else .
it is time to head out .
[female] was having a really horrific day so we decided to have a little party to cheer her up .
one of her friends stopped by unannounced and as soon as he saw the festivities he jumped right in and began to help cheer her up .
in full swing we danced awkwardly for what seemed like hours , often times in the most ridiculous outfits .
[male] , being the oddball , decided to toss on some swimming shorts in 40 degree weather .
[female] ended up having a little to much to drink and started hanging all over [male] . he was such a good sport about everything and raised her spirits the most .
the group were all going on vacation .
they brought clothes for the weather .
they all had fun joking around with each other .
some people had a little too much to drink .
everyone had a great time on the group vacation .
i 'm experimenting with black and white photography .
here 's a photo i adjusted later on with some new software .
my sister posed for an artistic shot . she 's always a good sport .
my sexy boyfriend could be a model if he wanted to be . he disagrees .
my neighbor agreed to pose as well . i 'm so lucky everyone humors me and my hobby .
having fun at the party with her boyfriend .
he wore the cowboy hat all night long .
taking a picture of their best girlfriend the party host .
dancing to the rhythm of the music .
being a model like [female] campbell .
the bar we picked for our gathering was really packed .
everyone still managed to have a great time .
the excitement in the room was immeasurable .
the drinks were strong and the company was great .
the singing was terrible though .
we all met up at the bar tonight , friends forever .
hugs were tossed out like nothin , everyone needs a hug .
he got mad for taking his picture . too bad buddy !
drinks were had and people got drunk .
ended the night with some karaoke . i got such an awesome voice .
my friends and i decided to go happy hour after work today .
many of my co-workers showed up and had a great time .
my boss even stopped by to say hello .
drinks were half-priced and i had too much to drink .
so much so that i thought it was a good idea to try karaoke .
get together with the friends once a week .
we hit the local bar for food and drinks .
have alot of laughs .
end up feeling stuffed .
we always end the night with karaoke .
a group of us met for pizza after class got out . time to let off some steam and relax .
our class clown always has a smile on his face . he can always make us laugh .
even making a stranger laugh by asking for a hug . ca n't take him anywhere ... haha .
looks like this one may have let off too much steam and is falling asleep . the others are looking a little tired as well .
someone got a second wind and is getting ready to do some karaoke for us !
today was my baby 's first birthday party !
we started out with an `` appetizer '' of cereal and juice .
next came the dessert - a special cake .
what anticipation !
we lit the candle and sang `` happy birthday '' as our little sweetheart watched in wonder .
got all the friends together to celebrate . they look so funny in those hats .
cake looked plain as can be but was delicious !
better blow hard and make a wish !
the baby celebrated too ! this little guy wont remember this but thats what pictures are for .
thanks everyone for coming out ! whos birthday is next ?
yesterday was johnsfirst birthday and we had a party .
we sat [male] up in his highchair with his big pad behind him .
then , we put a hat on his head and brought him his birthday cake .
he looked like a prince sitting on his royal throne .
when he finally got his cake , he blew out the one candle for his wish .
it was a baby boy 's first birthday !
he started his day sitting on his baby throne , but he did n't know what was next !
his mom brought out a nicely decorated cake for him !
he was very excited to eat the cake !
he was off to a good start , by getting ready to blow out his first candle !
our baby 's first birthday already . organization is flying too fast .
our little king wore a crown for the big day . he watched everyone with curious eyes .
his cake was delivered with one giant candle .
he was so fascinated by the flame on the candle .
we hated to blow out the candle , he was enjoying it so much . eventually we did though .
this trip was great for someone who collects sea-shells .
the weather was beautiful and the beach was hot .
we all went into town and decided to have some drinks .
the restaurant was almost empty but that means we got great service !
the drink specials were very affordable as well .
our family decided to take a nice relaxing boat trip for a few days .
we ended up trying to head into town however , there ended up being a parade that was beautiful to see .
once everyone was good and hungry we decided to give this resturant a try .
for some reason they had this dog as the greeter , while i admit it was strange the dog was an absolute sweet heart .
[male] had a little too much to drink and got mad so he wanted to walk around to cool off .
on friday we got up early and went to the beach .
the day was overcast so we just sat on the shore .
later that night , we went out on the town .
we went to a restaurant to get something to eat .
since it was the end of the day , we were so tired we could n't choose what to eat .
these shells on the sand reminded [female] of her romantic vacation with her boyfriend [male] .
they went on a cruise and visited a tropical island .
[female] and [male] enjoyed sightseeing on the island , and they stayed until nighttime .
then they went to an expensive restaurant ate a delicious meal , and went back to the cruise ship where they spent an exciting and intimate evening together .
whenever [female] sees zucchini parmensan in a restaurant , she remembers that wonderful evening on that tropical island .
time to update the seashells collection , a reminder to go to the beach .
going to the beach for a swim .
after the beach on our way to go to dinner .
eating out and a romantic restaurant tonight .
the special menu for valentine 's day .
young [male] was thought to be the next dalai lama , but the predictions of the current one 's death were evidently inaccurate .
to make it up to him , they gave him a temple in the mountains .
there , he offers wisdom to the elders .
he also overlooks readings of sacred texts .
someday , he hopes to achieve enlightenment .
todays trip to the organization temple in location was very educational .
we got to speak with a monk in training about his experiences .
the retreat was in a gorgeous setting in the mountains .
lest you think it is an isolated space , there were internet cafes in the town nearby .
inside , the temple was gorgeous with statues of gold and bronze .
yanming was ready to visit the temple today .
the view around the temple is lovely .
we took some lovely photos of him sitting on the throne .
yanming talks to his dad about becoming a monk .
gorgeous shrine inside the temple .
it 's his first day ,
taking part in the ceremony ,
he meditates and recites the texts .
his mentor speaks to him .
this all takes place in a a beautiful temple .
during our travels , we met a holy man .
he lived in a little village , with houses made of what reminded me of legos .
he was revered by the townspeople almost as a god .
he was a quiet lad , and barely spoke . i was very struck by him .
he lived in a shine , which was decorated with amazing artwork .
mom and her sister were in charge tonight and decided to have some fun with the kids .
here she is doing something with the youngest . he couldnt figure out how to open that thing .
the kids were doing some kind of crazy science experiment .
she had no idea how to work that camera . somebody give her a manual !
we managed to keep all the big kids entertained tonight . mission successful .
it was party time at the house and mom poured some drinks .
mom and [male] set up the wii remotes so that they could play .
the kids all watched the game that mom and [male] played .
mom said that this was a cute photo so no one move !
mom let her sister listen to the new cd she had just bought .
everyone was having fun on movie night .
after that we played some wii .
and had a fun family dinner .
some people were documenting the event .
everyone had a great time chilling and listening to music that night .
[male] 's mom is getting drunk at her friend [female] 's house
[male] 's mom helps the kids find a move to watch so they wo n't bother her while she gets drunk .
the kids set around the table and listen to stories about the lady 's college years when they where thin .
[male] 's mom shows [female] her new sex tape with [male] the car salesman .
[female] is not interested because she ca n't stand the site of anal .
drinking wine with her sister .
looking for a movie to watch .
partying with his mother , brother and cousin .
mom is taking a picture of her growing boys .
about to sing happy birthday to the birthday boy .
our son celebrated his 5th birthday today . so we made this awesome cake .
here he is blowing out his candles . dont forget to make a wish !
he loved all his presents . he couldnt wait to play this game .
his little sister was happy for him and loves sneaking in on the photos .
at the end of the day he loved his party and cant wait till his next one .
the bowling alley was a great choice for a birthday .
all of the kids signed a bowling pin for [male] .
even grandpa signed his name .
the spongebob cake a was hit .
the birthday boy was smiles the whole time !
yesterday was [male] 's birthday party .
he had a beautiful butterfly cake .
[male] had lots of fun opening his presents .
his best friend even came to the party .
at the end of the day , [male] had had a wonderful birthday .
the school field day was at the bowling alley this year .
there were lots of parents that joined us .
and many activities to be done .
we even had a cake for a classmates birthday while we were there .
he looked so happy !
this year 's birthday bash was held at the bowling alley .
the alley allowed the birthday boy to keep a pin and everyone autographed it .
this pin was a great keepsake for the day . grandpa agreed .
here 's [male] 's cake with all his favorite carton characters .
[male] had such a good time bowling that we signed him up in a children 's league .
it is bring your kid to work day , and this dad wants to impress his son .
luckily , he happens to be giving a presentation .
his son is playing on his cell phone .
everyone else is paying attention .
his dad thinks why did i buy that kid a cell phone .
a few of us arrived early at the conference to set up video cameras .
the man on the left was our guest speaker this year .
every speaker had a unique style and method .
the presentation was so interesting we forgot about our coffee break !
the boss is already cooking up ideas for next year .
the employees at organization organization came up with a great idea for increasing sales of their product .
they worked hard and consulted many people to try and make this idea a reality .
[male] , unhappy working at ace , decided to steal the idea and sell it to a rival company .
but before [male] could sell the idea , the employees at organization organization presented their idea in a meeting with the ceo . the ceo was delighted with the idea , and promoted and gave raises to all the workers involved .
[male] 's dishonesty was discovered , and he was fired from organization organization . no one else would hire him , and he spent his days at the beach picking up trash and offering to take photos of tourists for $ 1 .
the students helped set up for the demonstration .
everyone found there places and went over the lines .
the i.t . guys helped with the camera equipment .
the press waited with excitement to ask questions .
the head reported was quoted to say `` good demonstration guys '' .
ready for the convention .
first presenters are presenting their products .
and doing their demo .
the judges are listening and watching carefully .
ready to go get lunch after a long day .
he was in the back preparing all the food .
the liqueur was all lined up and ready to be poured .
he was very excited the night was going to go so well .
the food looked amazing .
the appetizers were so classy looking .
the appetizers were prepped and on the table .
one by one guests arrived .
people enjoyed socializing with each other outside of work .
many great stories were told as the afternoon wore on .
great memories were captured by photographs along the way .
my brother had us over for dinner .
he cooked the meal and had plenty of drinks .
my cousin came , too .
the food was amazing
the deviled eggs were especially delicious .
[male] and his wife were invited to a lunch party .
[male] was surprised to see that his friends were taking pictures .
the friends walked up to [male] 's wife .
[male] 's wife had no idea her picture was being taken .
just to make it even , john 's friend took a picture of himself .
the couple was hosting a dinner party .
the party consisted of about 10 people .
it was mostly family .
a few friends came too .
the man took a lot of picture to remember the party .
everyone was gathered together for [female] 's birthday .
all of the children had a delicious lunch before heading out to celebrate .
all of the children took turns at the bowling alley for a couple frames .
the kids really loved the arcade , they played for over an hour .
[female] had a great birthday with all of her friends .
[female] was turning five and she wanted her birthday to be in a bowling alley .
she got to eat pizza .
she happily opened her presents .
after , [female] and her family did some bowling .
they hit the arcade and won some prizes .
[female] was so excited to see her best friend at her birthday party .
she loved spending time with her friends , and especially eating pizza .
[female] got so many gifts , it took her so long to open them all .
they bowled all night long .
at the end of the night , full of pizza and ice cream , they were exhausted .
kimmy was having a birthday party at the bowling arcade !
first , the kids got do some arts and crafts .
then they bowled !
they also played some other fun games .
kimmy had the best birthday ever !
the birthday girl stands with her toy cake as they sing happy birthday to her .
craft time with her friends at the party was so fun .
after that they tried their hand at bowling .
birthday parties are great when they include arcade games !
the birthday girl loves her princess present .
she had just arrived from out of town .
she wanted to show off her ring that he gave her .
she felt so happy to be able to be there .
he had just received his food and ready to eat .
she was surprised at how good the dessert drink looked .
[female] is waiting at the ice cream shop for her friends to arrive .
while she is waiting , she decides she is going to get started without her friends .
she eats all of her ice cream in fifteen minutes .
her girlfriends arrive first on the scene and buy some drinks for themselves and [female] .
finally the guys arrive and realize that the girls have already started their party without them .
i am dripping a friend off to the train station .
i am now at a restaurant with my boyfriend having a nice dinner .
he wanted a picture of me not goofing around , so i decided to oblige .
he really did not want to take the picture , as he was ready to eat .
i loved the way i looked as we were getting ready to enjoy our appetizers .
a woman was excited to meet friends at the bar after work .
she ordered a cocktail and asked for no cherries .
she was mad when there was a cherry on her drink
once her girlfriends arrived , the cherry fiasco was forgotten .
things got even better when the boys arrived .
i am so glad [female] came to visit .
[female] has n't seen her in years .
[female] was excited to be here .
we went out for hot pot .
[female] even got an incredible fruity drink .
[female] throws the best parties . [male] cant believe his eyes .
everyone was so friendly at the party .
it was great to see old friends .
some people even made a love connection .
some people just need any reason to be crazy at the camera .
the party was just getting started at the club .
he had a few drinks and decided to get on the dance floor .
these two were having quite a fun evening as well .
he always makes those faces at you .
he decided to try a funny face of his own at the end .
at the party i tried to take some selfies .
i snuck one with my old roommate .
i also got one with her sister .
i got several photos of my friends .
some photos turned out better than others .
i went out last night . i should n't have , but [male] convinced me .
i saw [female] there . she pretended to be nice , as she always does .
then there was [female] . she always acts so wholesome and fake .
bunny and [male] were there , of course . they are a couple of lushes .
and the night would n't be at its complete annoying peak with seeing [male] . i really wish i 'd stayed home .
we all had a great time taking selfies in the club .
me and [female] look so cute here .
i love [female] she is my best friend and people always thinks we look like sisters .
i love [male] he is always such a blast to hang with .
here is this funny guy [male] , and [male] 's friend [male] , who never likes to take pictures .
it started out as a nice day out with the friends .
we stayed a little bit later than we thought we would and it was becoming night .
the night brings out the crazy in us .
even the clown was there to get into the fun .
everyone got a beer so we could continue the fun .
get together at the pizza joint .
bozo even came to the party ... how cool !
[female] is showing bozo around . careful mary..haha .
not sure what he 's trying to show me on his phone , but he must think it 's cool .
he ca n't even see the cards anymore . time to take the drinks away and take him home .
there was a party at the pizza place !
it went well into the night .
people started getting silly .
bozo the clown started photobombing everyone .
this guy had a picture of bozo , too , he wanted to share .
all their friends met up for the party at the pizza place .
the party continued on and there were several different games .
they were there late into the night having fun .
there was even a clown punching bag target that they threw balls at for a laugh .
he 's telling us all it 's time for the party to end and to get a taxi home .
it was beautiful day to have an outdoor dinner
our dinner continued on into the night
the fun began as the night went on
the clown decided to take a selfie
he was passing me another drink
a couple friends started the night off studying .
after awhile , they started going crazy with the studying .
they invited a few more friends over to hang out .
everyone had a great time but did n't do any more studying .
after many beers , everyone was relaxed but not in the mood to study .
the night started with a group of friends in a simple discussion .
but after a few drinks , everybody started to loosen up .
funny faces , smooches , and hanging out the window was part of the fun .
then the markers came out , as did the groups ' collective dirty mind .
so much alcohol and fun , enough to drive a young man crazy !
i went to college to study , not to party .
i can be easily driven insane by my roommates , who do n't have the same attitude about studying .
they will sit around for hours talking about stupid stuff .
there is no topic inane enough to keep them from flapping their mouths .
here they all are , the wall of idiots . i will be so glad when i graduate .
[male] decided that he would study during the party .
this was driving [male] 's friends crazy .
while [male] was studying , his friends were enjoying talking to one another .
they finally got tired of waiting on [male] to join them , so they started planning an intervention for [male] 's excessive studying .
as [male] was finishing up the final page of his textbook , he looks up to see his friends siting in front of him .
i love having game nights with my friends .
we play games and drink .
there [female] and lan enjoying the night .
unfortunately [male] passed out and we drew this picture on him .
he was n't too happy about us drawing pictures on him .
the first course was homemade deviled eggs .
he had all the beer can chicken ready to be grilled .
he was very proud on how good they looked .
he placed them on the grill to cook .
everyone was waiting for the main course to be done .
the chef himself , appearing quite ecstatic about the chicken he has prepared for cooking .
two placed already on the grill , awaiting to be seasoned and cooked .
ca n't forget about the perfect beer to go along with a barbeque , and that is pabst blue ribbon !
the chicken is done , looks delectable , and is ready to be feasted upon by family and friends .
the talented chef then shotguns his victory beer since the barbeque went so well .
my friend [male] loves to cook .
this weekend , he called a bunch of us over for a barbecue .
[male] 's secret ingredient is pabst blue ribbon .
he used the organization to baste the chickens which he grilled for us .
[male] then finished the beer to make sure it did n't go to waste .
[male] spent all night preparing food for the barbecue .
he sat chickens out to marinate while he slept .
when they were finally ready , he brought them out .
he placed them on the grill and got ready to start the barbecue .
everyone had fun and chatted , while they waited for the chicken to be done .
my dad prepared the food for the bbq .
the grill was all set to go .
the beer was set to go , too .
the chicken looked delicious
dinner was cooked , time to shotgun a beer .
everyone gathered for a fun night out .
they all enjoyed some drinks before the food .
he was telling an engaging story that captured everyone 's attention .
she did not want to be filmed but it was too late .
the night ended with some more meaningful conversation .
finally time for the gang to get together .
after few drinks everyone was happy
then [male] told a gross story .
liz was disgusted by it .
the story just made him want to take a nap .
this is a beautiful place for friends to gather for the night 's fun .
she is happy to be surrounded by her good friends while enjoying her evening .
these friends have the chance to catch up on all things old and new .
although a beautiful girl , she really hates having her picture taken .
the guys listen on as she tells the fascinating story .
my friends and i like to go out to dinner together to unwind .
sometimes , it is a big group of friends and we have to sit at different tables .
we share stories about what we have done since we saw each other last .
sometimes , my friends get tired of all the pictures i take for my scrapbook .
but even if they do , we still like all the time together .
we had a great time this weekend .
we went to the rouge bar
everyone had great conversation .
[female] was not picture friendly .
[male] was amased by sashas stories .
a group of friends decides to visit a beautiful mountain resort .
many of them go skiing and play in the snow .
one of the friends brings fireworks to the resort .
the man sits the firework down and prepares for action .
after he lights the firework , it blasts off into the air quickly .
these friends have gathered to shoot off rockets in the snowy mountains .
they set up the rockets .
throw a few snowballs at them .
set up the launchpad .
and wait . oh the suspense .
the trip into the mountains was going to be fun !
the whole group took the trek up .
everyone brought there own model rockets .
they wired them up .
and boom blastoff they flew off the mountain .
[male] travelled deep into the mountains to test-fly his latest invention , a hydrogen-powered model rocket .
all his enemies came to watch him fail .
he showed them the rocket , and they laughed at him .
he set the rocket up and attached the hydrogen fuel cell .
as the rocket blasted off into space , [male] 's enemies were awestruck , and they apologized to [male] for doubting his invention . [male] patented it and became a rich man .
this was the plan . to hike the mountain , find a good spot , and launch a rocket .
the group had hiked for an hour in the snow . they had a perfect location .
first the rocket and launch are set up .
everyone stands far away , its time for the countdown . three , two , one .
liftoff !
this young girl is amazed that her parents joined them for dinner .
they take a picture to remember the moment .
the kids are happy and playful .
even though dad is not impressed with their humor .
finally they get to ordering .
my cousins try to act serious at first .
when my family gets together its always fun .
we laugh a whole lot .
we enjoy being with each other .
[male] does an impression of grandpa .
the family night out was going to be fun .
all of the relatives were in town .
and everyone had a good time joking around .
all the aunts and uncles came too .
everyone had great time that evening .
two college friends sat down to a nice dinner after school one day .
about ten minutes of sitting they find a few of their friends are eating in the same restaurant , so they join in on the fun .
they all laughed about good times and all the crazy things they do in school .
the two men here have announced they passed their finals and are graduating .
this man still has another year , so he made a sour face at them .
we were the first to arrive at the restaurant which is unusual .
everyone wanted to pose for photos but i was starving and ready to eat .
after our meal the beers kept coming and we got louder .
these best buddies have n't seen each other in a while .
my boyfriend always makes faces after a few beers .
[female] was upset that [female] and [female] were keeping secrets .
`` i just ca n't tell you ! '' [female] said .
`` [female] we promised someone we would n't ! '' [female] bellowed .
[female] even sat down looking sadly at [female] .
[female] said she was fine with it and they all decided to have a party together .
my friend was getting stressed out at the meeting . she works very hard .
she began looking through a magazine to calm herself down .
my other friend was in a great mood and was not stressed about the work .
we decided to eat some tasty treats to allow for the meeting to go by more smoothly .
at the end we all took a group picture for our project .
it was so nice to see our old friends again .
everyone arrived on time and really seemed excited .
it was the first time since college since we 'd seen each other .
we all sat around and talked for hours .
we felt so close once again .
the girl friends were hanging out at the dorm .
they could n't think of something to do .
she wanted to see a movie .
she wanted to go to the park .
they decided to do both !
we had a fun girls night on tuesday evening .
even kimmy came to hang out .
we told stories and shared laughs .
kimmy told us she was leaving to go work in location .
so we took a group picture to remember her by .
our friends and family had a reunion this weekend .
everyone had a good time and was talking about good memories .
the alcohol was plenty and it made people have a lot of fun .
there was even a cupcake tower that was looking great !
we really enjoyed our time together and will have to do this again soon .
getting ready for the fun .
the kids were being good while waiting .
the guys got restless .
but drinks made it better .
the kids just patiently waited .
my sister had a party at her house .
lots of people in the family came .
everybody was so happy to see each each other .
she had massive amounts of food out to eat .
every one laughed and had a good time .
the children played video games .
dad made a toast to the woman at the next table .
mom started singing again and this time she sounded pretty great .
the cupcakes looked wonderful .
the family laughed and took photos before leaving .
we had a little family gathering for a birthday party .
we went to this little restaurant that had some great beer .
people told some really enthusiastic stories .
we brought our own cupcakes to celebrate . they were delicious .
it was so nice to see a lot of the family . the kids are growing up so quickly .
an invitation has been sent to [male] and [female] for the annual christmas party .
so [male] and [female] dressed up for the occasion and were very excited .
they even saw a few of their friends having some drinks .
with so many choices for the dinner they finally sat down and ate a great meal .
afterwards they stopped to take some photos to remember the great day .
i went to the awards dinner last night .
there were a lot of people there .
we were having a great time eating and drinking there .
the presentation was very good .
i had a great time .
are you ready for a night of fun and fine-dining ?
then gather your guy or your girl and head over .
you can bring your best friend or family member to share in the memories of this event .
you will have great experiences with our menu to bring your taste buds alive again .
you can also take a group portrait with your friends to remember this occasion .
the menu had a great number of items on it .
me and my wife were having a great time at the restaurant .
her friend and sister showed up later .
the food was great and so was the service .
after the dinner we all posed for photos .
the reception was great .
we had the best time .
i got to see my best friend .
the food was fantastic .
we had a wonderful night .
once a month , an extended family had different activities .
this month , everyone painted ceramic plates and cups .
the family had a good time painting and chatting .
the lady wearing a white blouse showed off her artwork and was beaming with pride .
after they finished with their activities , they took pictures of the entire family .
once a year there is a craft class at a local church for it 's members .
this year they are making plates and cups .
[male] is decorating a coffee mug for his sister .
[female] just made this nice plate to fill with cookies and give to her elderly neighbor .
[female] made this to give to her daughter in law .
for a family outing , we went to a pottery class .
this is my dad decorating the mug that he made .
we all had a great time at the pottery class .
my mom was so proud of her plate .
we had so much fun , that we decided to plan another event like this .
the family went to take a painting class . fantastic !
here is [male] working on painting his mug .
here we all are . sitting around , thinking about our projects .
look at this great plate . [female] did a wonderful job .
we are all pleased with our great day and fun activity .
wow , she did n't know so many people were going to show up for this ceramics decorating class !
everyone started out by deciding if they wanted to use a plate , bowl or cup for their crafts .
he 's chose mug to decorate and starts with small brush .
she 's done with her plate already and is really pleased with how it turned out .
this lady shows off her square plate that she just finished .
setting up for our daughters birthday .
she couldnt wait to get her hands on the gifts .
she loved all of them and couldnt keep a smile off her face .
her big brother wanted in on some presents too but hes gon na have to wait for his birthday .
we all had a great time and took a lot of pictures . cant wait till the next one .
before the party started the birthday girl wanted to wave to the camera .
she was so excited to see everyone arrive .
she was also excited to get gifts .
even mom had a good time !
the whole family really enjoyed themselves .
the new baby was having a great time .
she had never seen so many people in one place .
she loved getting her gifts .
and loved her family .
everyone loved watching her have fun .
today is [female] 's birthday party .
she opens her first present from her parents before everyone arrives .
she is very excited when everyone gets there .
each person gives [female] a gift and sets it on the table .
[female] 's mom helps her open the presents that a wrapped up .
playing with the hats for her birthday .
walking and looking at the decor .
opening gifts with her mother .
her older brother is giving her a gift .
her mom is happy and proud of her little girl .
the balloons for the dance are all in place .
it is almost time to start and everyone is so excited !
looking very dapper in his white suit .
all the ladies are hitting the dancefloor .
now everyone is having a great time and the dance is a success
the balloons were ready for the big event
all the people got dressed up , this guy in a suit !
then they danced and danced .
the lead singer of the band could really belt it out .
everyone had a great time .
last week we had prom night at school .
[male] was wearing his best suit for the occasion .
every body gathered to laugh and dance .
some people even sang while they wore their finery .
at the end of the night , every one had had a good time .
it 's a wedding party for [male] and [female]
the club is decorated just for them .
this is [female] 's brother chip . chip wore a white suit and looks like a jackass .
all the single girls rush to the dance floor to avoid talking to chip .
everyone has a awesome time at the party .
we arrived to find helium balloons in the ceiling even before the party started .
the balloon ribbons were pretty , though , hanging from above .
this brave man wore white to the party after labor day . what a rebel .
everyone was waiting for the music to start . we all love to dance .
finally the dj started the party and we danced for hours .
this group is having a great vacation in the location .
there was lots of love .
a little embarrassment .
lots of football .
memories that will never be forgotten .
a group of friends prepares to go out for the day .
when they arrive at the club , the friends meet up with another mutual friend .
everyone decides to play foosball late on .
after having some fun inside , the friends decide to go to the beach .
the friends are all so excited to be spending such a beautiful day together .
the whole gang got together for a beach night .
everyone was having fun hanging out .
and goofing around .
they played a few games , including foosball .
and they had fun joking around with each other .
a bunch of old friends get together for a trip to the beach .
[male] meets up with his old girlfriend [female] .
[male] is very disappointed that [female] got so fat .
[male] plays a game with [female] . [male] likes [female] but [female] is n't into bald guys .
all the girls pose for a picture and make an `` s '' for slut .
celebrating his birthday with his closest friend .
having a good time with his girlfriend
who started to act silly after a couple of drinks .
the friends spend all night playing foosball .
the girls are showing their sorority sign .
today is [male] 's birthday .
his mother and her dog have come to visit him at his house .
she brought a great gift with her .
and she says his girlfriend is beautiful .
whoops , not a great cake decorator however .
[male] , his girlfriend , and his friends prepare for his birthday party .
[male] begins decorating his birthday cake .
the birthday cake looks beautiful when it 's finished !
the family dog even joins in on the birthday fun .
when the cake is finished , [male] begins cutting a slice for himself .
the whole family got together for his birthday .
he decorated the cake .
and it was an amazing [male] theme .
the dog liked the cake too .
finally they cut the cake and had dessert .
[male] had his birthday party yesterday .
his parents came to his house for the celebration .
[male] opened lots of presents .
his wife gave him a beautiful cake .
at the end of the evening , they all sat down for tea and the birthday cake .
the little white dog was happy that people came to his birthday party .
his owner cut the pretty blue cake .
the dog could n't read but he knew his name was on that cake . he was so excited .
he waited and waited for a piece of cake , but no one was paying attention to him . why ?
that poor little white dog could n't read the name on the cake , so he did n't know that the birthday party was for his master and not for him !
it is this little guys first trip to the petting zoo .
he loves the little animals which are his size .
his brother gets to ride a large horse .
his cousin is very jealous and gives him mean looks .
he is still very happy .
boy was he nervous when he saw the animals .
the birthday boy got the first ride .
his friends got to ride too .
the cupcakes followed the animal theme .
everyone at the farm had a good time .
it was there first day riding .
the animals were a bit small but so were they .
the parent taught them the correct style of riding .
and they had fun riding .
everyone had a great meal after the lesson .
the little girl saw a strange hairy animal at their neighbor 's house , and she was surprised !
the animal was a pet goat ! the neighbors owned many animals , and all the children in the neighborhood wanted to play with them .
the neighbors threw a big party and invited all the children , who had fun with the goat and the horse and the other animals there .
one boy 's mother had to take him home because he was afraid of the baby elephant .
when the party ended and the other children went home , one boy stayed behind and ate the rest of the food .
there goes the birthday boy , waking up after a nap .
he is ready for a pony ride .
after his older brother got on a pony ride as well .
ready to eat the animal cookies .
about to take the first hit for the piata .
all of the kids loved this spongebob birthday cake .
the birthday boy and all of his friends had spongebob plates and napkins too .
here 's the star of the party telling us how old he is turning !
the kids ate until they could n't eat any more .
no one enjoyed the party more than this guy though !
it was martins birthday !
all his friends gathered around and sang happy birthday .
then they dug into the cake .
even [male] 's dad got some cake . ( with a little help )
then they went outside to play . it was a great party !
the birthday boy 's cake was perfect for him .
he was a big sponge [male] fan .
his dad had set everything up .
all his friends had a great time .
he really enjoyed his special day .
there was a birthday party at the day care center .
the children played games and ate cake and drank soda .
the birthday boy was shy and did n't want his photograph taken , but his father stayed with him so he felt safe .
the children ate so much cake that they were too full for supper that night when they went to their homes .
the birthday boy was so happy that he was now six years old !
[male] 's spongebob birthday cake .
celebrating his birthday with his friends and classmates .
dad also was part of the celebration .
the friends are eating and loving the cake .
running to give his father a huge birthday hug .
we took our daughter to get her body painted today . heres her with the painter .
she got her hand painted first and looked confused by what was going on .
she lightened up though when she got her face painted .
get ready to blow out those candles and dont forget to make a wish !
we took one last picture with her , she loved her cake and party .
a child and older woman sit together , while the older woman holds up an article of fabric behild the child .
an older woman is painting a figure on a child 's hand .
a child plays with a toy while watching other people around her .
a woman holds up a child to blow out candles on a birthday cake .
a woman , man , and child all celebrate the child 's second birthday in front of a cake .
we did baby 's 2nd birthday at a restaurant with family .
her aunt came and did some creative art with her .
she looked so happy .
and it was her first real time blowing out the candles .
we framed this beautiful family photo afterwards .
today [female] is 2 years old , for her special day , she will sit in a very fancy chair . she will wear a very beautiful dress .
an artist painted a tiny nemo clownfish on her hand .
the artist also painted a flower on [female] 's face .
mom helped [female] blow the candles out on her cake .
mommy and daddy are so proud of their darling [female] .
about to get a face paint for her birthday .
first she decided to get memo in her hands .
then she got a purple flower on her cheek .
singing happy birthday and blowing her candles .
with mom , dad , and her second birthday cake .
the father was enjoying his birthday party .
there was plenty of confetti thrown around .
he was very pleased with the gifts
here he is posing with his balloons and flowers .
he found a perfect spot for them .
we invited my sister and some family to the birthday party .
my husband was really happy to show his support for his sister .
he bought a fresh bouquet of roses .
he also bought some balloons and it was a lovely setup .
he had to do some office work before retiring to sleep .
[male] was incredibly excited for his birthday party .
his sister loved to mess with him though .
he got all the gifts he wanted .
he even got some balloons and flowers .
he placed them nicely on his desk where he 'd be able to see them everyday .
[male] turned 30 this week and had a great cake to celebrate .
we showered him with confetti .
then he displayed his presents with joy .
ca n't celebrate a birthday without balloons and flowers .
here 's [male] ' desk all decorated .
he really enjoyed his birthday . and the cake , of course .
everyone brought gifts , and he seemed thrilled to open them .
and to show off what he had gotten from everyone .
there were also balloons .
which he proudly displayed on his desk after the party was over .
we like to look at the phone .
we look at it all the time .
then i faked a smile .
i was n't really excited .
to be honest , it blew !
making the birthday special was the burritos for dinner .
after dinner it was time to open presents .
he got exactly what he wanted .
then it was time for the birthday pie . make a wish .
the kids played with the new toys into the evening .
[male] was excited for his birthday .
his brother [male] got him some gifts .
grandma did n't care much for her grandchildren , and did n't want to be in any pictures .
[male] eats cake every day , so he asked for a birthday pie instead .
his friends thought that was weird and decided not to go to any more of his birthday parties .
today is [male] 's birthday !
he is getting ready to open her cards and gifts that the family got him .
nana is sitting by me as we wait for [male] to open the his card .
now it is time to sing happy birthday and eat some pie and ice cream !
here is the entire gang , we are so happy to be here on [male] 's big day !
it was the son 's 10th birthday .
he played a game with his brother while waiting for food .
it is cake time .
the family sings happy birthday .
he blows out his candles .
the wine was poured and they were ready to have a good night together .
they were happy to pose together for a picture .
they were surprised to see he showed up that night .
the beer was so good .
later in the night , they started to get a bit tipsy .
the night started with two shots a piece .
some of us handled the liquor better , but we were determined to enjoy the night .
[female] met a really nice guy , of course he was really drunk .
and i met his interesting friend , he was really sober .
it was a great night for us girls .
we were really excited to kick the night off .
there were a lot of old friends there .
however there were some new ones too .
people got a little goofy at times .
it was such a fun night .
we went out to celebrate our friends ' engagement .
we were very happy for them !
the bride asked her sister to be maid of honor and she was ecstatic !
our friend was playing around , trying to lick her beer .
actually , she seemed to be sticking her tongue out everywhere .
had a great time posing for silly pictures
had to stick my tongue out for every picture with the girls
love this kid what a great friend
deciding what yummy things to eat other than our liquid dinner
had to do one serious pictures with my besties
the birthday party was a surprise .
we threw a hockey party .
the birthday boy was excited .
everyone came prepared .
the group had the best time .
travelling to visit my cousin on his birthday was great .
we went to a nice restaurant .
afterward , we played some roller hockey .
everyone got in on the action .
i 'll never forget the great time i had with my family .
my birthday party was awesome this year .
everyone came out to celebrate with me .
i was excited to be back on my old skates .
we plays hockey for hours .
everyone had a lot of fun .
the birthday cake came out and the night began .
after we ate , we skated around the rink .
then we broke out the hockey sticks for the real event .
we played a few games and had some fun .
we all posed for one last picture before calling it a night .
we all took benji out for his birthday , for a night of cake and various kinds of skating .
first , we roller-skated at the local rink . benji was good at that ! he 'd spent tons of time as a boy skating .
then , we played a bit of hockey and ice skated .
you would n't know it to look at location , but he 's athletic !
when the night was over , the guy who ran the double rink took a picture of all of us .
a man and his wife announce their pregnancy to their family and friends .
to make it fun , the pregnant mother and her son dress up like pirates and pose for photos together .
afterwards , the family gathers around the table to enjoy a celebratory meal .
after dinner , the boy holds his father 's leg while they prepare pie  la mode for dessert .
later , the young boy wearing a fireman helmet climbs on the outside railing of a staircase because he has had too much sugar .
a pregnant woman smiles at the camera excitedly .
the pregnant woman also lets her son take some pictures with her .
the little boy hugs his mom 's belly , excited for his new brother or sister to be here .
after taking some pictures , the little boy helps his dad prepare dinner .
the entire family sits down and enjoys a meal together before going to bed .
pregnancy was a big chance for the family .
it meant that he would have a little sibling .
to celebrate they brought the whole family over for dinner .
dad even helped cook .
the older sibling had fun playing while the family talked .
[male] 's parents have told him that a little brother will soon arrive . here is evidence that they know what they are talking about .
[male] has been playing with his normal energy , but has noticed that mom needs to sit and rest more often now days .
here he is having dinner with the big people , but looks forward to sitting with his new brother .
he asks dad how much longer until the boy arrives .
since he has not choice but to wait , he decides to continue playing alone .
we only have a few more weeks till i give birth to our second child .
our first born , [male] , could n't be more happy to be a big brother . he 's been picking out clothes for his soon to be baby brother .
our whole family is excited for the baby to come . we always make time on sundays to get together and have dinner .
this sunday happened to be my birthday . that 's uncle [male] lighting my pie ( apple is my favorite ) .
it 's been a long journey through this second pregnancy , but we 're almost there . [male] and us ca n't wait .
this guy just got married today and is ready for some fun times with friends .
everyone gives him the thumbs up as he enters the room .
friends line up to dance .
they hold hands and dance all night .
this lady caught the bouquet and now they are next .
my boyfriend and i met some friends at a dance hall .
we tried some line dancing for fun .
after a few minutes , everyone was dancing like a pro .
my best friend and i had a lot of fun .
a good time was had by all !
the couple were excited to be at the party .
they did some line dancing .
which was new to everyone .
but they had fun doing it .
everyone had a good time that evening .
my handsome boyfriend escorted me to the party .
coworkers begged us to dance as soon as we walked in .
it was a country dance that some already knew .
we caught on pretty quickly . it was n't very complicated .
my boss and his new fianc came late . she works overtime to save up for their wedding .
having a good time with his girlfriend at a rehearsal dinner .
they guys and girls made a line before dancing .
and the danced begun .
doing the chacha on the dance floor .
the boys having a good time with their beer .
i had to do my make up before the photo shoot .
it took me a long time to do it .
the photographer was ready for me .
the photos turned out great .
i was so happy .
it 's time for my sweet 16 party .
the photographer is ready .
the boys are ready . with flowers too i might add .
i 'm not sure if mom is really ready .
but i am ready ! look out world . here i come .
[female] taking a picture for her quinceneria .
mrs. beckett showing us her photography portfolio for the quinceneria .
[female] smelling some of the flowers at the hall .
[female] hugging her mother for the quinceneria
another photo of [female] in her dress .
today i had my 15th birthday party .
my parents even hired a photographer for the party .
my date showed up with pink roses for me .
my party was amazing , and i owe it all to my mom .
my fabulous green dress looked great throughout the entire night .
it was the day of her quinceanera , she was nervous , locked up in the bathroom .
she spent a bunch of hours putting her makeup on .
the photographers were ready to take her picture , she had to be beautiful .
and she was , as beautiful as she 'd always been .
my little girl is growing up , and i 'm proud of her .
[female] polisi was giving a speech .
she stood boldly before the group .
the men watched on .
she introduces the guest speaker .
they signed the bill .
ms. eddington gave a speech today .
mr. [male] presented her with a cake to celebrate her becoming a partner with the law firm .
she blew out the candle as everyone watched her .
then she took a picture with other lawyers and secretaries .
she also won an award that day and she held it in her hands with pride .
today the leaders of the organization announced their plan to solve a problem .
they had multiple speakers to speak about the problem and the solution proposed .
however , there was a surprise gift during one of the presenters speech .
they all took pictures to commemorate the occasion
and rewarded the members for outstanding service .
one reason that everything takes so long in location is that no one can just do something .
here we have [female] pelosi taking her sweet time signing a bill .
the onlookers are clearly getting impatient and want to get on with it .
but [female] wants to take her time and try to make herself look as good as possible .
then finally , she runs out of air and sits down to sign the bill .
[female] prepares to lie to the voters ,
here she is claiming no responsibility .
these old cronies look a little angry .
here [female] promises to read the bill after it is passed .
here [female] signs the bill , not knowing what is in it .
a boring birthday cake for a boring man .
no one was excited , but they all put on their best fake smiles .
[male] 's wife looked at the horrible cake she had made , and she did n't feel anything .
[male] loved it .
happy birthday , [male] !
today was [male] 's 40th birthday .
he celebrated it with his wife [female] who baked him a cake .
[female] only put a few candles on the cake so [male] would n't feel so old .
his daughter [female] was there , too .
[male] blew out his candles and realized that he had the most important gift he could have for his birthday and that was his family .
we made a lovely and simple cake for my sister 's birthday .
she was somewhat surprised by the cake and singing .
my mom was very happy to be there with us .
my dad came late and tried to blow out the candles early .
i told him that those were my sister 's candles and cake .
it was somebody 's birthday today .
a friend came to support the birthday man .
this was his wife .
he began to blow out the candles .
lastly , the cake was cut into portions .
we surprised [male] with a homemade cake .
[male] 's daughter looked excited .
his wife looked shy but happy .
[male] was so thrilled to get his cake .
the cake did not look that great but it was delicious .
we came here to my brothers because he says he 's making breakfast . help me .
what 's he cooking up ?
looks good , these look like hashbrowns .
they are hashbrowns .
now , i can not wait to eat . hurry up brother .
i made something to eat .
it did n't look very good .
in fact , it looked gross .
i used an open flame .
then played with a pillow .
[male] was caught red-handed , in the kitchen making dinner .
he mixed all sorts of rice , he was the master chef .
every one loved his cooking , especially when it wafted through the house .
[male] realized everything was just about done .
at the end of the night , when every one had their stomachs full , they were ready to go home .
do n't worry he said , i 'm making potato pancakes
so he shredded potatoes .
he had some almost finished frying but he was eating them in the kitchen .
so he fried some more .
i waited a long time for those pancakes .
[male] wanted to bake some potato pancakes for his boyfriend [male] .
he mixed the ingredients together carefully .
then he formed them into patties , and put them in the pan .
he fried the pancakes carefully in the oil .
it was taking so long to make the pancakes that [male] got bored waiting . he wished they had just ordered pizza .
to start the festivities , [male] took the three straw challenge .
within a few seconds he knew he made the wrong choice .
[male] on the other decided wisely and instead decided to play pool .
after the first shot he knew he was toast .
landing the winning shot , [male] took home the bragging rights .
we all gathered at our favorite restaurant after the graduation ceremony .
a giant tropical drink was in order after a long final semester .
even though school was over , he still enjoyed telling us his hilarious stories .
we soon noticed a billiards table in the back room .
we all joined in for a friendly game of pool after dinner .
everyone was happy to be eating together .
[male] ordered a giant beverage for the whole family to share .
everyone told stories they remember from growing up .
like usual , [male] and [male] got competitive while playing pool .
[male] won , and [male] had to fork over $ 5 for the bet they had placed .
we went to the bar to celebrate .
the cocktails were huge .
we shared one big one with three different straws .
the guys played some pool , too .
i was n't very good at the game .
this silly guy is working on a giant drink meant for three .
he might regret this in the morning .
my brother is wondering why the glass is empty and he did n't even get a sip .
time to shoot some pool when a table became available .
the men shot pool while the girls chatted for the rest of the night .
our daughter celebrated her birthday today . she was so excited .
shes a big fan of these crazy puppets !
here she is blowing her cake out . so chocolatey !
she loved the cake so much she couldnt put the fork down .
we took a family picture at the end , we are such a lovely family .
today is this little girls birthday .
momma beams as she holds her little girl .
daddy loves her as well .
but grandma is the happiest to be there .
after all the family love it is time for cake .
she smiled gracefully for the camera .
the dcor was absolutely beautiful .
she got a closer look at her tasty birthday cake .
she enjoyed the taste of her chocolate cake . yum .
the family gathered for a beautiful photo together .
birthday girl looked tired . she was so excited she did n't sleep the night before .
beaming mom poses with her precious angel .
she does n't remember her uncle who has been away in the military .
grandma is her favorite person . she babysits while mom is working .
birthday girl asked for seconds and we could n't say no .
having fun at her birthday party .
her huge felix aniversario banner .
blowing off her candles after singing happy birthday .
eating and loving her birthday cake .
birthday picture with her older sister , her mother , and her father .
the anniversary trek began with a hearty breakfast .
the couple bought supplies before leaving .
it was time to head up the mountain .
the weather was harsh , but the couple still had fun .
even the snow ca n't freeze out their love .
the tour set off on a hike , up into the mountains with a train of donkeys
this old couple did just fine , even with snow .
the tour passed this important sign , but we could n't read it .
and encountered this useful little shop , with hiking gear and keepsakes .
the ruins we reached still had the beautiful iron gate / window .
they tried the local restaurant and enjoyed the drinks .
the shop was small but full of necessary goodies .
hiking with the horses was worthwhile .
the snow did n't prevent us from walking along the trail .
they decided to do art in the snow .
we enjoyed a meal before our long hike up the mountain .
our final chance to get supplies before leaving civilization .
here are the mules that escorted us through the trails along the mountain .
we tried to interpret this sign but failed . we hoped it was n't important .
we stopped and made a heart in a pristine patch of snow before heading back .
getting breakfast before going on a hike .
stop by the candor to get snacks for later .
about to ride mules to get to the top of the mountain .
its all snow at the top of the mountain .
making a heart shaped in the deep snow .
we knew it was a huge turn out as soon as we arrived at coat check .
so crowded we could barely move . the host was overjoyed by the enthusiasm .
the food went quickly , it was delicious and well presented .
the sweet and tasty drinks were served in tea cups after they ran out of glasses .
the music was by far the best part of the night and we danced til the end .
it is a night out for the lovely couple .
they are with their friends having a good time eating and drinking .
the music comes on and they start to dance .
the party is really getting crazy and everyone is moving to the music .
the couple heads over to the mini bar for more drinks this is such a fun night out for them .
the whole family came to watch the play .
they even served food there .
as well as drinks .
later you could meet the cast of the show too .
it was a first class event .
set-up for the event was rather quick .
the room was filled with so many people .
the roast was so delicious that i wanted more .
these were the best drinks we had ever had .
the signers were amazing . they hit their notes appropriately .
going to take pictures in the photo booth .
about to walk into the crowed to get to the food station .
eating roast hog for the night .
and drinking cocktails .
then they listened to live music .
this is [male] , and today is a special day for him , as it 's his birthday ! his friends decided to take him out to a birthday dinner at his favorite restaurant .
[male] 's friend [male] showed up to his birthday dinner . [male] and [male] had been friends since childhood , and they always have a great time being goofy and joking around .
[male] 's coworkers [male] and [male] also came to the dinner . [male] works with [male] and [male] at his office and they also have a great relationship , both in and out of the office .
after dinner , the waitress brought out a cake for [male] , where he got to make a wish and blow out the candles .
[male] had a great time celebrating his birthday , and really enjoyed his dinner . he celebrated it with the people he enjoys .
the two old friends came out for the birthday .
they enjoyed the imported wine and beer .
the appetizers were delicious and creative .
the birthday cake was very much appreciated by him .
he felt like enjoying his special day with some humor .
he is very happy to be celebrating his birthday .
two friends having a good time .
party guests having a fun time .
time to blow out the candles .
it was a fun celebration .
the birthday is smiling for a photo .
two buddies are happy at the party .
two friends are smiling for the photo .
the birthday is getting ready to blow out his many candles .
the birthday boy is blowing a noise maker .
i 'm not very good at forcing a smile .
this guy is turning ... well he 's old today .
we just came because we were hungry .
careful the birthday cake is hot .
i do like to blow on these party thingies .
[male] is my personal chef at home . this is preparing my dinner .
[male] 's assistant chef paulo is great as well . here he is playing in the fire .
i went from having a lonely empty plate in front of me .
to a huge nice salad ! i do n't know what it is but it 's delicious !
then 5 minutes later this was served to me ! i 'm not sure what it is either and they do n't speak english so they ca n't tell me but i ate it all ! yummy !
in this restaurant , they cook the food in front of you .
the way they stack things is amazing .
my friend ordered this beautiful dish .
this was my dish .
finally , my other friend ordered this interesting looking food .
i cook at a specialty restaurant on the weekends .
my brother works there as well .
the food is so delicious the plates are licked clean .
some platters do not look good but wait until you take a bite !
others are more appealing to the eyes like this favorite of mine .
the chefs very hard in the kitchen .
he fixes a great batch of food for her next order .
the server makes sure the plate is properly aligned to serve the food .
a large salad is given to the guests .
they end up preferring this one more and the chef gives them the food .
this is not so delicious looking food .
spring rolls is one of my favorites , i can not get enough of them .
and here is some garnish to go with the spring rolls .
this garnish with the tofu was pretty good also .
and finally the dessert , this is why i can not loose weight .
[female] loved spending time with his big cousin !
his uncle and aunt brought the new baby to the party , too .
there were a lot of new toys !
[female] really liked his new swing .
i think [female] liked his birthday cake best !
we trapped out kid in a chair .
he was n't very happy .
but we left him there anyhow .
he did n't like it .
we are bad parents .
we were so excited to see the baby .
the last time we saw her she was a lot smaller .
she crawled around and played with all the toys .
later we let her use the swingset .
she seemed thrilled to be there .
her 1st birthday with grandma !
daddy and mommy are happy .
playing with all her new toys .
swinging and having fun .
im ready for my birthday cake .
we woke up together .
the family is resting on the couch .
the baby is playing with his new toys .
the baby loves to go on the swing .
the baby awaits his food .
i taught the class how to color today .
they learned a lot .
they colored their shoes .
i also gave them a lot of markers to use .
they were very excited .
it was art day at the elementary school . all the parents were invited .
they were able to see what their children had been taught .
they were able to see their creativity .
and just enjoy observing what their children did with their time apart .
at the end they ate some of the cupcake the kids had made for them .
i love art day at my daughter 's pre-school .
one little girl kept sliding around on her stool while rolling out play doh .
my little one made me a fruit loop necklace .
the kids were all over the place with their projects .
i treated them all to a cupcake tree . they loved them !
it 's so rewarding to be a preschool teacher .
we get to play with playdough .
we make fruit loop necklaces .
we design our own party hats .
and when it 's someone 's birthday , we get cupcakes . i love my job !
today was art day in the children 's class .
they were able to play with play doh .
they also made necklaces out of cheerios .
everybody worked together at the art table .
there were even delicious cupcakes !
the kids started off playing around .
then they had a musical story time .
then they danced with mom and dad .
someone decided to give them sugar .
and afterwards , everything went crazy .
we took our kids to a friends birthday party this weekend .
they hired a big hall and let the kids hang out and do their thing .
they even had performers to entertain everyone with music .
everyone got their own cupcake decorated in their favorite colors .
we had a good time and the kids enjoyed themselves .
i had a great time playing today .
we played with all the other children .
we also did some dancing .
we got to eat cupcakes .
afterward we played in our cars .
we took the kids on a play date .
they started by dancing around and getting up energy .
we played music for them while they hopped around .
then it was a snack break !
the kids tired out and all in all it was a good day .
look , look , i 'm driving she squealed .
yeah , i see you .
then she saw the dancers and stopped .
it was time to eat anyway .
they could play the rest of the afternoon .
i had a big cake for my daughter 's party last night .
i got her favorite kind .
she ate it with her hands .
it was very messy .
i had to clean her up afterward .
it was little [female] 's birthday .
they all brought her presents but all she wanted was the cake .
she could n't keep her hands off the cake .
even little benji looked on like [female] was crazy for cake .
little [female] covered her little hands in the cake .
it was the young girl 's birthday party .
it was her 3rd birthday .
she was enjoying her cake .
her family were having fun watching her eat it .
she had a good birthday party .
my name is cookie and i am a little monster .
when i get hungry i like to grab anything in my way and eat it .
when i am not eating i am a really good opera singer .
no she is not . i should know im her brother .
shhhhh . no one has to know . its my imagination after all .
today is [female] 's second birthday . to celebrate her parents had a party and bought her a beautiful cake .
[female] loved her cake and like that her sister stayed next to her .
[female] at the cake with her hands .
her cousin [male] was at the party , but did n't have much fun .
[female] loved her party , but did n't like when it was over .
i went to celebrate my birthday by having dinner with my mom and my sister , [female] , and her husband , [male] .
[male] and [female] are always so cute , that i just got ta snap a photo of them when i see them .
you can tell by the small portions that we went to a pretty fancy restaurant .
so , of course i had to take a picture of my meal !
it was a pretty great birthday , i 'd say .
it was a night out on the town
[female] and [male] snapped a quick photo at the dinner table
the food was delicious
she was singing songs because her cake was so good
it was a great night out with some friends
[female] and i wait together for joanie and [male] to show up .
and they 're here .
tiny portions but taste was out of this world !
[female] took some close ups of her food which i laughed about
and we cheered her on .
[female] and [female] came with us so we could celebrate [female] 's birthday .
we were happy to celebrate her birthday and enjoyed the restaurant .
the food was delicious and served in perfect portions .
[female] took pictures of all the food , she is obsessed with photography .
then we gave her a coconut cake with candles and we sang happy birthday .
[female] and [female] smile for the camera .
[female] and [male] look a little awkward here .
dinner was served on a square plate .
it was so beautiful i had to take a photo .
and then it was time for the birthday cake !
party fun day , little girl wanted to be a piggy .
little boy wanted to be a lion .
look at them , are they adorable ?
bus ride , yay , we 're having fun !
riding on the bus , riding on the bus .
it was going to be a fun morning on the farm !
the family painted some eggs .
then , the kids got their faces painted .
they played outside .
and they even got to play in an old fashioned truck .
my kids and i went to an event where they could have their faces painted for halloween .
my son chose to be a dog .
my daughter chose to be a pig .
both kids were really happy with their choices and had a great time .
we drove home and promised to come again one day .
our class took a trip to a farm and painted our faces like animals you might find on a farm
[male] looks like the farmer 's watchdog .
as a watchdog , he helps to keep the other animals , like me , the pig safe .
the farmer took us on a ride to see all the parts of the very big farm .
it was fun and i wore my pig face home to show mom .
the kids were having a fun day at the fair .
they got their faces painted .
the girl got hers like a pig and the boy was like a cat .
the kids pretended to drive a van .
they all piled in to the drivers seat .
the g-crew decided to go out for their pal 's birthday .
they met up with the s-crew .
the s-crew had made the birthday boy a cake .
but they made him eat it without using his hands .
then they gave him his present , a new doggie .
though varum was living in a small apartment in location , he enjoyed living close to his siblings .
he was well-liked by his colleagues at the call center .
on his birthday they gave him a chocolate cake .
varum blew out the candles and made a wish .
the wish came true as his friends gifted him with a white dog .
ferad 's group of friends was always super close .
even the girlfriends of his friends were super close .
today they decided to celebrate their closeness with a party .
ferad , however , just could n't keep himself away from a taste of the cake .
this is [male] having to comfort the dog after ferad tainted the cake with his face .
the group decided to pose for a photo .
the ladies posed for a photo before the party .
everyone admired the cake after dinner .
everyone clapped and cheered as he blew out the birthday candles .
the photographer decided he also wanted a great photo of the dog .
i married into an indian family and it 's the best choice i ever made .
all of the female members of the family are so sweet .
we had a birthday party for my wife 's brother , varun , last saturday .
varun was overwhelmed with all of the people who showed up for the party .
my wife 's other brother , tanuj , brought his dog to the party , and things got a little messy .
we went on a wine trip to location with friends .
the trip included a tour around vineyards and other fun things .
we played a few games during the day .
then we got to visit a winery and see how wine is done .
we also did a lot of wine tasting , but hired a limo for that , since none of us wanted to drive .
we went out to the wine country last weekend .
we got to tour some of the wineries there .
they were very beautiful .
i had a great time looking at all of the stuff there .
i also had a great time tasting all the wine .
we took a trip to location location for a wine festival we were invited to .
the view of the vineyards looks like something out of a fairy tale .
we played a friendly game of kickball before starting the tour .
these were all the wine corks that individuals left behind as souvenirs .
this is when the your began , right on the party bus .
my husband and i went wine tasting last week .
the vineyard had a large lake running through it .
they had games set up outside the cottage .
and crafts with wine corks available inside .
the wine tasting room was amazing , there were bottles to the ceiling .
we saw the sign and knew we where in wine country .
the hills and valleys where amazing .
we found a place to go test some wine first .
we popped open a cork and got to it .
we drank and laughed in a beautiful country .
young cristiano was only three years old .
though young , he has already been touted as a future world great in soccer .
grandpa is happy , and he wants to photograph the whole progression .
cristiano runs after the ball , his opponents already resigning to the sidelines .
he 's just too good .
family get together from my side of the family.grandma came as well as my sister 's and a few others .
my brother and sister talking to dad about his fishing trip
mom listening to his fish stories like they keep growing every year .
my kids and their cousins playing ball together.had such a great time .
they all looked so cute.i remember when they were babies.i feel old.i love our get togethers .
everyone is having fun at the gathering .
they like seeing their family members .
grandpa is taking some pictures .
[female] took her little brother outside to play .
the gathering was a success .
grandchildren make every day better , or so my parents tell me .
i try to make sure to bring the kids over every week to visit .
my mother is in the early stages of alzheimer 's , and i truly think seeing the kids helps her mind .
the kids love my parent 's big back yard .
we all have fun at their house , and it 's good for everyone .
this weekend the family got together .
uncle [male] and aunt [female] talked to their father , gandpa [female] .
here is my great uncle [male] with his new camera .
i took my brother outside for a walk and he played with a ball .
her he is kicking the ball very far .
they had n't been out to eat in a long time , and were feeling great .
she decided a pitcher of iced tea was in order .
he wanted beer , and purple haze was fruity goodness .
they decided to get completely different desserts so they could share .
the pecan pie was amazing , and vanilla ice cream was a perfect side for it .
[male] and i decided to have a cooking date today .
we cooked up some hungarian goulash and placed it over rice .
we also baked up some rolls .
of course we needed something cold to drink .
for dessert it was pie and ice cream . not only was it a fun date , it was a filling one as well .
we had a great time at the restaurant last night .
we had a lot to drink while we were there .
the beer was very good .
the food was delicious .
i also ordered a big dessert .
these guys were having a great time !
they drank pints of beer ,
and enjoyed the famous purple haze .
food was delicious ,
and so was dessert . what a day !
enjoying our dinner and drinks .
i had the mug beer .
he had the bottle .
the food was great .
so was the pie .
the surprise birthday party was a big hit .
the cake was a masterpiece of sweet goodness .
they made a huge dent in it , before the next surprise showed up .
a special band arrived to play music .
everyone danced to the sounds of the band , even the oldest guest .
it was my grandmothers birthday .
we enjoyed a good salad before our dinner .
we all sat down at the table for cake .
we hired a band to play .
we then began to cut the cake to celebrate .
whole family got together to celebrate moms birthday .
what a beautiful cake , looks so delicious .
the cake was so tasty we were so full .
after we had our cake , we went to the living room for some entertainment .
we all wished mom a wonderful birthday and many happy returns .
we celebrated my grandmas 80th birthday today .
i made an amazing chocolate cake for her .
the food was amazing at the party .
and my mom hired a live band !
my grandma loved it , she danced all night .
it was her birthday .
they started off the party with a salad that is one of her favorites .
they all sat down and enjoyed a dinner together .
the family hired a small band to play for her birthday .
she was excited about the cake and was ready to blow out her candles and enjoy it .
today was connors first birthday .
grandma was there to see it all unfold .
mom was very proud .
[male] got his own cake .
his sister watched as he got to tear into it .
it was finally connors first birthday .
grandma held him tight as the parents set up the party
his dad was nervous and worrying they wont get it set up right .
mom came to the rescue and made everything good for the party .
his older sister was watching mom get the party ready .
today was connors 1st birthday .
they let crazy aunt [female] out of the home for this .
grandma was pleased with the turn out as was [male] .
they decided to get him a puppy cake .
[male] was disappointed that he got only a puppy cake and not a real puppy as well .
have a dog gone birthday , [male] .
granny thought that was funny .
aunt [female] did too .
[male] was too young to know .
the dog died two days ago and he was born into a twisted , sick lot .
[male] 's first birthday party was a great success .
grandma even managed to fly in from location .
the poor kid is looking more and more like his mother everyday .
not only did he have a cake , he also had cupcakes on the same theme .
well , there were n't gon na sit the full size cake down in front of him were they ?
i had to babysit all of the children today .
they were very naughty .
i had to take away all the toys .
they also tried to play with the pillow .
i brought out a toy for her to play with .
the children got their at noon .
they were there to celebrate a special birthday .
lots of little friends attended .
there were lots of giggles .
the baby 's 1st birthday was a lot of fun .
look ! i am holding a crayon ready to draw
yes my son look at the camera and smile
mum look i am playing with my doll
dad i want my gift , give it to me
here it is you can open it
we celebrated [female] 's birthday today .
i got to take car of her little sister .
[female] brought over some of her friends .
they had a great time playing ,
but [female] was happy when she got to open her presents .
[female] 's cousins and relatives came to her birthday party .
she posed right here for the camera .
[female] loved the new dolls she got .
i thought the pillow aunt [female] gave [female] was adorable . it will be a great addition to [female] 's bedroom .
here i am trying to get [female] to be interested in the little toy she got . instead she wanted to pose for the camera .
all the friends gathered at the apartment for tonights party .
we made this sad little gummy tree .
the hugs were being tossed out by everyone !
there was even some crazy dancing . we cant keep this guy off the dance floor .
at the end we all played dead cause the party was such a blast !
a group of friends get together for a nice party .
they begin by sitting down and talking to each other .
[female] and [male] pose for a picture and the party is starting to get a little crazy .
things have gone from mild to crazy as [male] gets up and starts acting like a wild man .
he then gets everyone to lay on the floor with him .
a few friends get together for a party , they are having a great time .
they brought all kinds of snacks , even gummy bears .
during the party they took time to take some pictures while they were having fun .
this man busted a move and showed the party there is no need to be shy . just get up and dance .
at the end of the party everybody was so tired they almost fell asleep on the floor .
we invited our new neighbors to our dinner party .
our coworkers were complaining about the boss . time for drinks .
alcohol got the party crazy . i barely know these two .
someone put on music while others wanted to play a game .
the night ended with a game of charades that had no rules .
in deep conversation with her friends .
everyone is here about to start the fun .
having fun with his girlfriend at the party .
flying like a bird and dancing after a few drinks .
they were all exhausted after a couple of hours .
when we sat down to eat the old guitarist was tuning up .
his partner tuned his upright bass .
the guitar player did of the talking , telling us a little about the duo and their music .
it was a good night for music at chalker 's pub and bistro .
when the old guitarist really started to jam . it was like he was transported , and he brought us along .
we were so excited to finally see this duo in person .
the cellist performed a unique solo of an old favorite .
the surprise cake arrived while the musicians took a break . perfect timing !
this is best jazz guitarist alive , in my opinion .
my favorite photo of the night looks even better in black and white .
the performers gave us an amazing introduction .
he focused on playing perfection the entire time .
he enjoyed the cake and leaned over to blow out the candles .
the music was well rehearsed .
his skills and ability will always be remembered . it 's a classic .
chalkers is a billiards bistro , not a pool hall . so some classy music is part of the mood for the place .
[male] plays the bass and it is not one of those electric ones .
during a break , [male] takes some light refreshment .
[male] has been performing for 50 years and tells the crowd .
the audience feels the emotion as [male] plays the first song he ever sang publicly .
the band was in top form tonight . [male] played the guitar near perfectly . hitting every note just right .
russ as well . making every note pop and shine .
[male] engaged with the crowd early and often . never a dull moment .
russ and [male] have played in a band together for over 30 years . they know their songs like the back of their hands .
whoever caught the duo last night at the show was lucky . they 're always a hot ticket in town .
on a trip to the location , i went to a lantern festival .
it was like walking through a magical door .
there were many colorful lanterns .
and many fancy lanterns .
and , of course , many people enjoying it all .
we had a lot of fun at the chinese parade .
we saw lots of awesome looking lanterns .
there were interesting looking buildings too .
my favorite part was this building .
as the day wound down , there were less things to look at .
we visited the annual lantern festival in location .
some of them had some controversial designs on them .
to us , we saw a nazi symbol but we latter learned that it meant harmony in location and was not a negative symbol .
the lanterns were all lined up in a row , waiting for the night . legend has it that they are suppose to lead the dead to the other side .
we waited for the sun to go down . afterwards , the lanterns were lit and the monks said prayers . it was a very solemn and beautiful sight .
we headed up to the temple for the festival .
no line , or crowd at the door , i think we were early .
theses lantern kites were very colorful .
these were more spiritual .
on the way out we noticed that even monks like ice cream .
it was a beautiful day in the chinese countryside
the house was decorated with chinese laterns ready for the holiday
all the laterns were hanging and were bright and colorful
more decorations were being displayed ready for the festivities
the people of location were enjoying themselves getting ready for a celebration
the soldiers got a must needed visit from friends
the soldiers were offered cookies and other snacks
they took a group photo
and talked with friends and family
it was a great visit with the troops
we welcomed the military home from their deployment overseas .
we had presents and letters from family for them .
they were really happy to see such a warm welcome .
they had been gone for so long that they missed even the little things like books .
we all posed for a group photo after the welcome to be featured in the local paper .
our school recently put together a program with local soldiers .
before being deployed they got to stop by and get some goodies from us !
we knew they had their essentials , so we thought we would provide them with more frivolous items they would n't see otherwise .
we had candy , granola bars , lots of chocolate , the soldiers seemed to enjoy the options .
it may have been a small gesture , but these fine gentleman seemed genuinely pleased and i hope our school will continue this program in the years to come !
i went to the award ceremony last week .
there was some food there .
all of the soldiers were happy to get an award .
the food was very good as well .
i had to go back to work after .
the civilians showed up ,
to the thank the soldiers for their service .
they were doing an event ,
and also giving incentives ,
for some college people to sign up .
mom and dad were out in the garden checking on some plants .
[male] is admiring the view from the deck .
a lot of fruit fell from the tree , but there were still a few left .
this is where we keep all the gardening tools .
i ca n't wait until mom cooks this cherry pie because i 'm really hungry .
i ate some of the fruits off of the ceiling .
i also made some wood .
there were some nice flowers in the kitchen .
i went outside to meet the neighbors .
they were very pleasant .
the two worked in the garden .
this person gazed out over the sea .
the tomatoes started to grow .
he parked his car in the woods .
look how delicious the tomatoes turned out .
they pick vegetables from the garden for dinner .
the son is taking the ferry to the island his parents live on .
the tree was planted by the son when he was a little boy .
the family home awaits the son .
a pie his mom made from their fruit tree .
time for fall harvest .
too bad their lazy son would n't help them .
they needed help with the fruit .
they provided him a place to live still .
he wo n't get any pie .
many people have come to get recognized for their hard work for their country .
write a sentence or a phrase to make a story
the soldiers stand in line and show the crowd how many have attended the event .
higher ranking officers shake the hands of heroes .
as they go through the crowd more and more heroes get recognized .
the ceremony started with the marching of the fog .
the tables were appropriately decorated .
the ladies wore lovely dresses .
they were ready for the military ball .
such fun was to be had .
soldiers carrying the flag of the location .
the cake for their achievements arrived and they are ready to cut it .
then they all wait and pause before they start .
then the men talks to the solider
and another does too
i went to the ceremony last night .
there was a huge cake there .
they cut and served the cake to all the guests .
we had a great time there .
i got to meet a lot of new and interesting people there .
we attended the military ball held at the location last night .
the tables were set to perfection .
i wore my favorite gown .
the food was superb .
thank you to all the men and women who serve our country !
[male] and i went to golfland today to play some miniature golf .
[male] carefully lined up each and every shot .
at times , it got boring waiting for him .
even with all of his concentration , i usually got the ball in the hole before he did .
overall the game was fun and i did enjoy my time with [male] , so the outing turned out to be a success .
we went mini golfing .
she thought she 'd kick my butt .
we argued .
we laughed .
then , we had dinner and drinks . it was a good night .
my husband just knew that he was going to lose to me at mini golf .
here is my shot ; nice and controlled .
i got mine in , and somehow he was able to also !
of course , i still had to wait for him to finish up the last hole .
regardless of who won , we still had a great time together .
[male] and i went mini golfing today !
he took a picture of me trying to get this ball in the hole .
cute picture of our balls and feet .
we 're on the last hole before heading out !
quick selfie at the restaurant later that day .
it 's a lovely day for a round of miniature golf .
he is taking his shot very seriously .
she waits patiently for her turn .
this round is going to be close .
finally both balls have made it into the hole .
we had a surprise party for [male] 's 22nd birthday , these guys were having a blast !
me and the girls had a good time too , drinks were on the house ! ! !
that weirdo behind me was really creeping me out .
i really loved catching up with some old friends .
by the end of the night , everyone was feeling a little wasted .
going to a club , gon na meet some new friends .
having some drinks with my bestie .
`` who 's that gross person ? ''
this is [male] , met him at the club . he 's a cool guy .
[male] bought me a beer . [male] was a cool guy too , especially when he was buying me beer .
everyone decided they wanted to go the bar on saturday .
everyone was having fun , even [female] .
even though she did n't like her picture taken .
by the end of the night everyone was talking .
even though they had fun , everyone was exhausted .
my friends met us at our house before we headed to the bar .
i was glad to see my best friend out , she had been sick .
my husband always manages to take an unflattering photo .
here 's my handsome better half showing off his arms .
we drank and laughed until the bar kicked us out at 2am .
frat boys are always ready to party .
these girls joined the boys for a night of debauchery .
she really did not want to be on this pic , hence the facial expression .
those are some big glasses of beer .
i think there is a love relationship going on here .
i have the measles .
i 'm going to spread them to my child .
he might die from it .
but i do n't really care .
in fact , i 'm happy about the prospect !
the kids were all getting ready for halloween .
even mo gets dressed up and ready for the holiday .
the kids get to play before going out for candy .
the bunny costume was a bit uncomfortable .
the hunt for candy was on . the kids enjoyed trick-or-treating .
grandma helped the kids get ready for halloween .
one of the grandkids kissed his mother .
they dressed as all kinds of different things .
one was even a creepy looking bunny .
the kids got lots of candy .
the whole family is gathered around .
the boy is kissing his mom .
the kids are on the ground in their costumes .
the boy is smiling in his costume .
the boy is not too happy with his costume .
aunt [female] came to visit little [male] .
he just got over having the chicken pocks so she played a funny joke .
he thought it was really funny .
he was laughing the whole time .
[female] looks good with the pocks .
the friends were playing volleyball in 60 degree weather.`
they played for so long that they dug holes into the sand .
tired and defeated , they tried to keep going .
the night was looming over them when they decided to give up .
after one last serve , they ended their night .
it was the perfect day for a volleyball game on the beach .
we all played very hard and worked up quite a good appetite .
the grilled food was nearly a disaster , but she soon came to the rescue .
after the sun fell , they got into a minor argument and went off to talk among themselves .
based on these beautiful flowers , the couple must have certainly made up .
my friends and i were having our weekly game of beach volleyball .
we lost last week , so we were doing all that we can to ensure that we do not face another loss this week .
i tried so hard to get the ball back over the net .
my girlfriend is taking her defensive stance , as she awaits the ball coming to her .
we played well after the sunset , as it was a very intense game .
the man works hard to push the ball over the net .
the two converge as they try to hit the ball .
the other from the back watches them in anger as they miss .
the other side is ready for the return .
the game ends with a nice spike .
we went to the beach for a friendly game of volleyball .
the guys were playing pretty rough and kept falling in the sand .
[male] became exhausted and could n't hit the ball anymore . [male] decided to check on him to ask if he was okay .
meg was eager to keep playing . having played volleyball in high school , she had a high level of stamina for the game .
as day turned to dusk , we played one last game . we then called it a night and relaxed on the beach before we went home .
we took some photos .
like this one on the train .
we like using the landscape mode .
too bad we do n't take very good shots .
who is the this guy ?
the guys went out for drinks .
then they got on the train .
they joked around and had fun .
they went to the concert .
it was crowded and took a while to clear out after the show .
my friends and i got together for a night on the town .
we had to ride the commuter train into town .
we all rode together , sitting six across in seats that faced each other .
we had a great time chatting on the train .
i took a selfie of myself to memorialize the occasion .
we got ready to go to the concert .
we had to ride the subway to the concert hall .
there were a lot of different people on the subway .
the concert was spectacular .
there was a huge crowd .
our guys are gathered together .
the bus ride was pretty long .
but they still managed to entertain themselves .
the show had nice special effects .
there was a lot of people to see it .
they all started to take pictures with their friends as they arrived .
everyone was happy that they all made it to the party .
we have not seen some people in a very long time .
a picture of all of us after we all arrived .
the food was amazing .
everyone loves to show off their dresses .
we all wanted to take pictures together to remember our fun !
grandma loves all of us .
grandma also loves cake .
these treats looked cool and tasted great !
the two sisters took a picture to celebrate the birthday of the youngest sister .
mom looked happy to have all of her kids in the picture with her , spending time with her .
aunt and nephew who had n't seen each other in so long took time to appreciate each other .
i heated up a cake to celebrate the occasion , everybody enjoyed it .
the cupcakes we made at home were ready to eat by the time the evening came .
my nieces joined us for the grand opening of our newest store . they are hoping to get hired .
of course we hired them on the spot . they 're family after all . here 's more family .
my brother is also my business partner . he 's the brightest man i know .
some in the family are too young to work just yet . school comes first !
pastries for the party . they tasted as good as they looked .
the girls attended their cousins birthday party .
family picture perfect at the party , everyone was there .
she was proud to see him do well after many years .
about to eat the cake pops .
they were well decorated for the party .
yup i turned the big 3 0 today ! mid life here i come .
i wore this fancy scarf tonight . been looking for a reason to take this thing out .
me and the girls taking a picture together . i love them so much .
i loved my friends stalkings . she only wears them on special occasions .
of course we ended the night with karaoke . itll never be my turn .
we all dressed up for savan 's birthday !
here is a collage from all of the pictures we took .
we all had plenty to drink .
all of us had a great time with friends .
this guy made a speech and it was hilarious !
the birthday invitation was very creative .
we had to get shots of our artistic outfits .
we all looked amazing this day .
check out the stitching on these amazing stockings .
it was finally time for some karaoke singing .
the day had finally come , it was savan 's 30th birthday !
we went to the banquet hall for a night of fun and dancing .
met up with all the girls for a photo op .
we had on our best party tights !
as the night started to wind down , everyone took turns wishing savan a happy birthday and telling her how much we appreciate her . it 's a birthday she wo n't forget !
celebrating sayan 's 30th birthday .
drinking cocktails with her girlfriend .
her best friends attended the festivities after work .
the girls showing off their stockings .
her friends all passed the mic around to wish her well wishes .
the beach we went to was gorgeous .
the fog came out which made for some great pictures .
it 's hard to skip a rock on the ocean but we tried .
going to the lake was nice and relaxing .
we all had a lot of fun on this vacation .
the time uncle rico was at the beach in location location .
he had so much fun with his friend [male] at the beach .
this was the time he proposed to his lovely wife to be [female] .
rico tried to model so he made [female] take his picture so it would look like he had all the answers .
rico gathering his products to sell to the gullible customers down the street .
the day was cloudy , but the setting was serene .
the fog was getting thicker .
he decided to skip some rocks to pass the time .
it was time for cooling off and walking on the beach .
this vacation was well worth it . ca n't wait until next time .
last summer we went to the beach one morning .
early in the day , before the sun came up , the shore was overcast .
my brother and i walked the sand covered waterfront .
suzie even came down to the water to join us .
we sat there for hours just enjoying the beach .
it was a cold and rainy day so we had the beach to ourselves .
the clouds and mountain made for a beautiful sight .
the rain let up and the men competed with rock throwing .
my friend is so warm blooded she was the only one in a bathing suit . it was chilly !
my husband took a photo of me back at the beach house . he did a good job !
in honor of his birthday , a man dresses up in warm clothes and gets ready to go sledding .
there are many balloons from his friends .
the man has dressed up in some cat-like face paint .
many people and friends show up as the man starts sledding .
some of his friends also sled before the day is over with .
it is ski event and everyone has come out to watch .
the balloons are part of the event that will be distributed later on .
the dragon gets ready to be released down the hill .
this section is lover 's lane where romance is everywhere .
many are in costumes for this event to keep warm and to stay in character .
yesterday we had a sledding festival .
people from all around decorated their sleds with all sorts of things like balloons .
one person even made a caterpillar sled .
some of the decorations were really crazy .
at the end of the festival , every one was happy and had fun .
the bobsled competition was underway .
there were festive balloons all over for the celebration .
the best looking bobsleds would win a prize too .
there were a variety of teams represented .
people were in the spirit by wearing their favorite warm costumes .
some people wore costumes this year at the winter festival .
balloons in the snow are actually a beautiful sight .
this costume was also practical because it kept his head warm .
the highlight of the winter festival is the toboggan race .
my daughter decorated her toboggan . she did n't win but it looked great .
she was all dressed and ready for her birthday party .
she was so happy to see all the presents .
the [female] cake came out perfect .
the family was all there .
she could not wait to play with her new toys .
everyone got together to celebrate the birthday girl .
she dressed up as her favorite cartoon character .
the beautiful family gathered for photos .
family and friends were happy to join in the celebration .
the birthday girl loved the attention !
this little girl is going to have a birthday party today .
she is so excited over all the gifts she got .
her cake has her favorite character of all time on it .
she knows her mom and aunts worked hard for her party .
after a long party she needs to do some shopping with her pretend cart .
the birthday girl wore a [female] mouse costume this year .
she loved posing in the dress and bow and looked adorable .
here 's the [female] mouse cake . my daughter loves polka dots on everything .
my best friends helped at the party . they are always there when i need them .
the birthday girl spent the rest of the day enjoying her gifts .
the birthday girl showing of her minnie dress
about to open her gift .
audrey-grace [female] theme third birthday cake .
her mother , and her two sisters .
playing with her new shopping cart and chef toys .
the street was beautiful with the light and the fresh rain .
the next morning we all got out to take some pictures .
we managed to get a lot of really good shots of the buildings !
these buildings were huge .
this is the farthest away picture we managed to take of the location location .
i could n't wait to get into the city . we were arriving so late at night .
i was surprised how light it was with all of the street lights on .
the next morning we ate breakfast at my favorite local cafe .
afterwards we did some site seeing . can you believe how high up some of the buildings are ?
ah . the piece we were looking for . i ca n't imagine how long it took to put all of these stones int he building wall while it was being constructed .
we went on vacation in a new city .
we all decided to go sight seeing .
we found a peak where we could see the whole city at once .
on the peak we could see the roof tops .
from the peak , that night , we could see the beautiful lights of the tower in the city .
at night in this beautiful city there is no perfect picture to take , as they all come out wonderful
the streets are quiet during the day except a few motorcycles here and there .
tourist come around to snap photos for much needed memorabilia .
sometimes the photos are a little off but still capture the essence of an image .
even sitting in a car heading back home , the lights are beautiful and bright .
here 's the location location at night . it was the trip of a lifetime .
we felt safe at night . the streets were well lit .
this was our favorite place for breakfast close to our hotel .
the view from our hotel was n't great but we were always out .
there a unique covering over a window . very beautiful .
[male] and [male] were celebrating their engagement from the day earlier .
her ex boyfriend [male] watched from above while he got drunk .
this is [male] and [male] posing with their best friends .
[male] has known [male] since grade school .
[male] ended up getting so drunk he came down and made a fool out of himself .
the guys felt a bit strange at first as they did n't know about the theme we had planned .
some of the ladies felt odd about it as well .
we were comfortable in our western wear for sure !
soon he was able to get everyone to laugh and have a good time .
things got so fun , he was actually swinging from the post in the back yard !
it was a cowboy themed pageant and and engagement party .
this cowboy got drunk and blew bubbles .
they were crowned homecoming cowboy and cowgirl . the wedding is next year .
the party got wild as the drinks flowed .
this drunk cowboy starting showing off .
the guys were unsure how the party would start .
as more and more people arrived , they were happy to have them at their home .
they chose a [male] and [female] of the party by vote .
as the party continued , the guys ' friends had more and more fun .
by the end of the night , everyone had had a great time .
they are hanging out outside .
we are waiting for the party to start .
some of our friends have arrived .
they are very fun to be with .
this guy loved to hang from the frame .
[female] and [male] are celebrating their five year anniversary of dating . instead of having a romantic dinner , they decided to invite all their friends out to celebrate this milestone all together .
[female] invited her best friend [female] , who introduced her to [male] from her workplace . they 'd been friends since they were children , and have always spent time together .
[female] , [female] 's best friend , is actually married to [female] 's brother , [male] . this relationship only strengthened the friendship between [female] and [female] .
[female] brought her daughter [female] to congratulate [female] on her five year anniversary with [male] . [female] is actually [female] 's godmother and considers her a second mom .
[female] is glad to have invited everyone to her anniversary dinner , and had a great time hanging out with her friends .
he had just arrived to the party that night .
she was the guest of honor for the night .
the main table had the cake ready to go .
they were the best of friends .
the food was delicious and none was left .
i met up with my friends for my buddy [female] 's birthday .
[female] 's sister came to town , and she was happy to see [female] .
[female] posed with two of her friends from work .
even [female] 's niece came to the party to celebrate .
we all ate dinner together and had a swell time .
i decided to call my friends and ask them out to dinner the other night .
i 'm so glad i did !
we were all really happy to see each other .
i even got to see my little niece .
i 'm glad we did it and we should definitely get together more often in the future .
i decided to go on a night out with a group of friends and take some fun pictures .
this is my good friend [female] . she loves to get drunk and party hard .
this is [female] and our other friend [male] . he likes to hit on me sometimes .
whoops how did my little niece get in the picture ? she should be home !
oh wait , i guess my family showed up . i was do drunk i had forgotten .
part tonight at the house . all our buds showed up .
this guy had way too much to drink . can you tell ?
our friend was super happy about something . he was probably just drunk too .
the parents took a shot together ! they took a picture too .
ok everyone parties over . you dont have to go home but you cant stay here .
[female] had a party at her house on saturday .
everyone had fun and was drinking .
[male] had a little too much fun and got the beads out .
people were conversing all over the house .
at the end of the night , everyone was having fun .
it 's a small party and people are just gathered around and chatting .
this guy is drunk so he walked away from the group and relaxed for a little bit .
meanwhile , this guy is having a great so he took a picture .
a group of the elder people there got together and took a picture .
these people are standing , sitting and talking .
these urbanites have met in an apartment to celebrate the start of the week-end .
alcohol is changing their mood from serious work week concentration to frivolity .
[male] has been the victim of a silly string attack , but he does n't seem to mind . the kitten in his lap is attracting some pleasant female attention .
these two are not yet lubricated with alcohol , so their conversation is a bit more serious .
as it gets later in the evening , the friends are able to fully relax and enjoy each other 's company .
people were already drinking before we arrived at the party .
they were toasting to anything they could think of .
the cat never got so much attention and loved it .
these boys were sober , they were the designated drivers .
there were some interesting stories being told and no one left until very late .
fans of nature come to this mountain town .
the beauty of the mountains draws people from far and near .
this town has a history of ranching .
[male] liked living in this little mountain town .
she thinks it 's peaceful living far from the city .
took a trip to western land . we absolutely loved all the wonderful scenes around us .
this was a cowboy store loaded with boots and memorabilia .
an old saloon now turned into a shop that sells rocks .
this was a factory long ago , now just a building turned into a small museum .
this is me , walking this town , tiring !
this bar looked awfully inviting !
as the day went on we saw some fun sights like this mural .
and this cute storefront caught my eye !
i loved the atmosphere , like this old building .
some of us were a little tired by the end , though !
i decided to go bar hopping because i had nothing else to do .
i was bored at the first bar , so i started walking and i came across some interesting art .
i finally made my way to the second bar of the day .
i decided to go to one more bar before heading home .
by the time i was done bar hopping , i was exhausted and crashed .
the architecture on some of the buildings were a mixture of styles as if whoever built it could n't decide .
maybe the majestic mountains made it impossible to choose .
someone had painted a cowgirl on one .
[female] laughed and told [female] they should paint a mustache on her .
[female] declined .
we had a busy day . it started with a haircut .
i tried out the cool stylist 's chair .
we then went to choose our dinner .
after dinner it was time for some music .
we ended the day with a few good drinks and good friends .
my cute kitty goonie when he was a baby .
this is my friend [male] and [male] .
a nice photo of me making faces on our road trip
hubby looking at me so i could take a photo
the gang photo when we were out partying
[male] was prepared , it was finally time for a night out with friends ; however he needed a haircut first .
his wife , well , she just wanted to go out with the girls and ride .
[male] grabbed a quick bite and was off .
his friends met him at a local pub where music was being played .
they drank all night and enjoyed themselves like it was 2009 .
a man stops in town to get a haircut
his girlfriend occupies herself by playing on a motorcycle .
the man poses for the camera with a peace sign .
a performer performs on stage .
a group of friends sits at a table and watches the performance .
tiger looks surprised to see our guests .
[male] and [male] are enjoying the visit this year
[female] is trying a little [female] [male] routine before we leave .
[male] joins [female] with their tongue routine .
the music is ready to begin , but first , a pose for you !
this is [male] and [female] , they are hanging out tonight .
little did [female] that [male] was taking her to a surprise birthday party for her .
[female] loves karaoke , so they sang and had a great time .
afterwards they ate cake and drank a lot of booze .
[female] got a little drunk , but it 's her birthday so her friends paid for everything .
for some reason [female] loves [male] & buster 's .
so every year the family takes her there for her birthday .
not everybody has a good time .
but she does and that 's all that matters .
it must a genetic thing because i have a good time at my sisters party .
here i am with [female] , on the right . she was so surprised by the party !
she said she 'd never seen her name in lights before .
we had a special party room reserved , and it was soon crowded with friends .
the birthday cake was delicious .
and of course , lots of people loved the cash bar !
good friends always support one another
celebrating one more year is always a blessing
favorite restaurant was available for reservations
the cake was very tasty
money is always a great gift
we spent my last birthday at [male] and buster 's restaurant .
they even welcomed me by putting my name on a sign .
i played almost every game that they had .
and of course , i could n't resist having a few pieces of birthday cake .
the whole thing cost quite a bit of money but i did n't have to pay anything .
we followed the narrow road into the countryside .
our first stop was this beautiful castle .
in stark contrast was this small farmer 's cottage .
the mountains were magnificent .
we ended our tour in the green valley . everyone should take some time to travel here .
my friend and i decided to go and visit the country side .
here i am enjoying the view of this beautiful town .
in the background , we clearly see that the clouds are covering the top of the mountain .
the roads were empty and we stopped everywhere to take pictures .
here is my friend posing in front of this abandoned building .
our trip to location was so memorable .
there was a castle right on the lake .
the old cottages were interesting to explore .
the mountain views were so beautiful .
the valleys were where all the people lived .
the water canal was very pretty
with the castle on it
and the guy wanted to take photos
of the great scenery
so he could see it again later .
the european countryside is an incredible sight
castle are amazing
the barn was old and rustic
the view was great
i cant wait to go back
we are having a wonderful time here . we are clapping our hands .
i am laughing at somebody else who is funny .
we are so glad we got to spend some time together . we are very happy .
we are just having a good time here . we are smiling all the time .
we are in harmony and in agreement . being kind to one another .
no one i know can keep my mouth closed .
not this guy .
and surely not this guy .
not even her either .
if you ca n't beat them , join them !
we had a great time out . the girls were so much fun .
you would not believe the stories we were telling .
total bonding experience .
my friends husband was very charming .
i tried talking to this guy , but caught him checking out another woman . kicked him to the curb .
i was getting down on the dancefloor for the birthday party .
i could not contain my excitement when i heard my favorite song come on .
i had to take a picture of my cool friends .
here is a picture of the birthday boy with his girlfriend .
this guy was checking me out all evening .
i took some photos at the reception using a black and white setting .
i experimented with some close up shots , too .
i liked the way these came out . sometimes color is overwhelming .
speaking of overwhelming , here 's my wild cousin .
this was a little too dark . i need to practice my photography .
on sunday , they all get together for the day .
the kids were doing puzzles .
he loved showing his sister how to do it right .
the table was always set with flowers and plenty to snack on .
they kids loved all the desserts they made .
in this home the father plays the piano .
two children work at a puzzle , while listening to their father play .
the baby has a birthday cake all to herself .
she does a good job of finishing off her piece .
the baby wants to help put the puzzle together . her brothers let her .
i decided to take some pictures from my niece 's 5th birthday party ! here is uncle sam playing the piano .
here 's [male] and his dad playing with one of the many puzzles in the house .
it 's cake time ! [female] is so excited to be turning three .
she 's such a big girl now . she can eat her cake all by herself .
it 's time to play with toys ! i think she 'll be satisfied with these for a while .
it was our turn to watch the grandkids . i played them some music .
i also played some games for them .
we made them a cake .
they ate it up as quickly as possible .
we also played with puzzles .
dad is playing the piano badly .
mom and the boy are playing puzzle on the ground .
the kids are playing puzzle on the ground .
the flowers are on the table .
the boy is happy to finally get some cake .
i love pokemon .
then i saw a gate .
it was made of wood .
it looked great in the sun .
so i took two photos of it .
the reflection on the water was worth the trip alone .
the architecture on these buildings was breathtaking .
even vending machines can be interesting in a foreign land .
i loved visiting this place . it was so calming yet surreal .
the city streets were so full of life , that 's why i love this city .
here are some pictures i took from my trip to location ! this bridge was so beautiful .
i do n't remember the name of this building , but it seems like something i would really like living in .
some pretty common vending machines that we have also in location .
a dojo that specialized in advanced martial arts training .
the city life looked just like location location . i really think location is quite beautiful .
the bridge is one place we visited .
we also slept in this bed and breakfast .
we visited this store to get a drink .
the family like this place but is was crowded .
the city was fun but had way too many people that day .
we visited the location location .
we saw an interesting structure .
we tried to figure out what it 's called .
but nobody knew what it was called .
we had to find our group .
it is my birthday and we went out to eat . i was surprised to get a piece of cake .
my friend made a nice toast to me .
here are some of my college friends .
my family came out to celebrate , too .
my favorite part was when my boyfriend showed up !
happy birthday , [female] !
drinks and cake with friends . good times .
[male] photobombed us ! what a jackass , lol .
hey , we 're all buddies after a few beers .
me and [male] . i love this guy .
the night began with a small piece of cake for the birthday girl . she refused to eat more as she was watching her figure .
however , she was fine with drinking as much as possible because it was her birthday .
all her friends and family came out to celebrate with her , including her three closets friends .
she also caught up with her sister and brother in law , who she had n't seen in awhile .
it was all thanks to her boyfriend , who had been planning the party for awhile . she spent all night dancing with him at the bar .
a birthday dinner out
the margaritas were tasty .
family and friends had a good time , i think the woman on the right had one too many .
my family was well behaved , for once .
and i met this cute guy . hopefully he will come to my next birthday party .
the cake had arrived for her birthday .
her friends at the restaurant were happy to celebrate with her .
even her siblings made the trip to wish her a happy birthday .
after dinner , the whole party moved to the bar .
the celebrations for her birthday went well into the night as the whole group was having fun .
birthday girl was so happy to celebrate .
we had a good group in attendance .
she loved all of her gifts .
the wine was flowing all night .
she had the best birthday ever .
the boy was excited for his cake and birthday celebration .
the family gathered around for the photo .
everyone was lined up to get their cake and drinks .
the father was impressed very much by the presentation of food .
the girl took a picture with her grandpa before he left .
we celebrated my birthday .
i had several presents from friends .
we took some candid pictures .
they even got me a tiara and bottle of wine .
i have some great friends .
here 's the birthday girl with her boyfriend and brother .
we met at her favorite restaurant this year . she was pleased .
every birthday girl must wear her tiara !
the drinks flowed that night after we finished our delicious meal .
she was beaming all night and so very thankful for her friends .
we went out tonight .
our group had a table to ourselves .
she had a foreign gift .
they loved their wine .
everyone had a good time .
our little one was all smiles as we sat down on the tour boat .
he loved wearing his new sailing hat i found at a shop near the pier .
he loved to stand and look all around as we sailed the harbor .
the famous organization organization was the highlight of the tour .
here he is all tuckered out in his stroller , poor fella .
today was stupid hat day .
the baby had a stupid hat .
everyone else has a stupid hat too .
they do n't get much worse than these .
then we saw a flag .
the family and i decided to take boat trip in location .
this is my little baby nephew , [male] . he loves his blue hat .
he was so excited on the boat he just could n't contain it !
here 's the building whose name i ca n't remember . it was a great site to see however .
[male] was a little tired by the time the boat ride was over . he and i were both ready for naps .
we took a trip to location with the kids .
the baby seemed to enjoy the boat ride .
he laughed the whole time .
the architecture was beautiful .
we walked on the docks .
we took our sun on a boat ride in location location location , location .
it was his very first boat ride and he seemed to really love being on a boat .
he was n't really looking at the view but seemed to enjoy the motion .
the view of the organization organization organization from [female] bay was beautiful and we took lots of pictures .
at the end of the day , the baby was tired and he started to drift into sleep as we strolled him from the boat to our car .
samoan is getting ready for a date .
she posted this to face book to see how people thought her hair looked .
then she asked about her clothes .
she 's nervous as she drives to the meeting place .
[male] is walking to the coffee shop where he agreed to meet samoan .
her first mirror selfie shot did n't work .
[female] was getting ready for her first day at work .
the second one worked out much better .
she sent this picture to her husband to see what he thought .
she documented the whole day , including her walk to work for the first time .
my every morning commute is n't the fanciest or glamorous .
i dry my hair off , put on my clothes and before i know it - i 'm out the door !
today i decided to wear a new outfit . a red jacket along with a black knee high skirt .
i always get a little nervous when i wear something new into the office .
well here i go . hopefully it 'll be a decent day at the office .
anytime is selfie time
well let 's take a better one
well full body is the best selfie
okay so you 're looking at selfie fanatic
time to get to work
my girlfriend is obsessed with taking selfies .
she takes selfies at home .
she even takes them in dressing rooms at clothing stores .
i 'm sure that she would take selfies when she is driving if she could .
i prefer to walk around and enjoy the day , camera free .
the party took place in the apartment .
everyone enjoyed the food .
the gifts were fun to see her open .
the kichen was the place to make the drinks .
red and yellow cups were a sure sign of a good time .
we are the hottest couple ever .
watch me lick this !
i pose inappropriately .
why did he strangle her ?
oh well , time to get drunk !
the party already started when we walked in .
everyone looked like they were having fun .
we quickly joined in .
there was n't much food to be sought .
there were plenty of drinks though .
the party last weekend was awesome !
there was really good food .
we played games .
the drinks were prepared really well too .
by the end , all counter spaces were filled with empty cups .
there was a large party being held near the college
a blonde girl pulls a treat out from the tray at the college party .
[female] , having a conversation about a book
a couple of people hanging out in the kitchen area .
the aftermath : lots of plastic cups to clean up for later .
the family was having a birthday party for their daughter .
the daughter was excited spending time with friends and family .
the daughter was really excited opening presents .
she got a organization organization organization 3 game for game boy advance , something she really wanted .
she posed for many pictures that night .
we went out for drinks .
we got them at the bar .
we even got some food .
then there were some presents .
the presents were really cool !
[female] and her friends all got dressed to go out for her birthday .
they all talked and ate , it was so much fun .
they even tried some new things they had n't tried before .
at the end of the night , [female] opened the presents her friends got her .
she even got her favorite game !
we had gone out for a fine night .
friends had gathered to celebrate a special occasion .
it was a her birthday .
she loved her presents .
everyone had a great time .
they are at the bar .
we saw some old friends .
her birthday saw herself getting some new stuff .
she was happy to see [male] .
after the party , they still had some energy left .
beifong loved to drink .
she went to her friend 's party to drink some more .
beifong 's friend was the most intoxicated .
she got everyone else equally drunk .
some of her friends had to hide from her .
the girls went out for a night on the town .
some drank beer .
others ordered mixed drinks .
they danced .
they met nice guys .
a group of girl friends met up to hang out for the night .
they went to a bar .
the girls relaxed while sipping their fruity cocktails .
then they spent some time dancing .
finally they went to get something to eat .
these are some photos i took with my friends on our night out in location .
these were some of the local prostitutes nearby . they be so friendly !
my ex boyfriend [male] showed up looking for a hookup . i was like nah ' bro .
one of the hookers and i got some margaritas .
this was when i passed out and the camera flipped over . what a night !
suzy and her friends all got dressed up to go out .
they may have drank a bit , but they still had fun .
they loved the green apple drinks that the bar served .
they danced all night and had so much fun .
they spent time with all of their friends too !
the saszas are having their family reunion over the weekend .
this is srhan and her brother ahbda .
cousins sri and location pose for their uncle baduah .
these are four siblings who just moved to the country .
location poses with her grandpa who sent her the money to come live with him .
the singh family got together for raj 's birthday .
they ate good food .
they took a lot pictures .
they all made sure to stuff themselves silly .
they ate so much , mr. singh wondered what they were going to eat the next day .
everyone came by to celebrate my birthday .
the cake was an amazing blue color .
all of my friends wished me a happy birthday too .
we just sat around and talked for hours .
my parents were so proud of me .
we celebrated my brothers birthday .
he had lots of friends and family over .
we got a great family photo .
all the younger cousins came to celebrate .
the cake was delicious .
iwe had to take a group picture of all of us
a great photo of us by the cake
we were caught off guard for this picture
we are such a loving family and it shows
taking a picture with our grandfather
authentically dressed at this awesome restaurant .
[female] really enjoys the sushi .
she realllllly enjoys the sushi .
[male] and [male] with full bellies .
hey ! pass me another beer !
on the night of the big party we all had a little much to drink .
everyone sat around the table and enjoyed the games .
my friend thought it would be funny to give the middle finger to the camera .
we had tons and drinks and lots of limes for those drinks .
the empty cups were lined up after drinking games .
the sushi bar was a great place to spend an evening .
this family always loved eating sushi .
umami flavors were all over the menu .
this dish was covered in soy sauce .
dad decided to finish off his meal with a beer .
we decided to try something new . asian cuisine .
the place was nicely decorated on the inside .
the dishes of food looked amazing .
all of it was tasty .
it was even better washed down with a cold beer .
have you ever been to yokohamas japanese grill ?
they have so many amazing thing to eat .
you must have the sushi .
the boys had a great time .
i must have drank too much saki .
we had our christmas party today !
it took us awhile but we unwrapped all our gifts .
the whole family came to visit afterwards .
we had a fun dinner with a lot of alcohol .
the kids were super happy and were amazed location paid them a visit .
we had a family get together , and our children wanted to play together .
they got on their crowns and battled each other playfully .
the adults had great drinks .
we had a great meal and i finished my plate eagerly .
at the end of the night , we finally exchanged gifts .
the kids needed help learning how to play with their new gifts .
they 're having a good time playing .
we sat around the table having drinks .
i emptied the plate .
now it was our turn to open the gifts .
the family made sure the tree was decorated and the house was ready moor their annual christmas party .
they started out the party with a white elephant gift game .
after the game they prepared a toast and and took a family photo .
they made sure to have plenty of drinks and food .
they also played some fun games with the kids .
it was christmas time .
my family came over to unwrap gifts .
we were exhausted after opening the presents so we decided to relax around the couch .
we even had some wine to help us relax even further .
the kids were so happy with their gifts and could n't stop moving around .
the friends were waiting for the surprise party .
once the birthday girl showed up , they started the party .
they had two cakes for her .
she blew out the candles on both .
she then started cutting up the cake .
i came home to a surprise birthday party !
everyone was wearing fun glasses and we played games .
my friends sang happy birthday to me .
there was plenty of birthday cake in my favorite flavor !
i made an extra special wish and blew out all the candles .
[female] was very surprised to see that her brother was able to make it to her birth day party .
[female] 's sister , boyfriend and next door neighbor were having a great time at her party .
all of [female] 's co workers were able to attend the party as well .
[female] 's sister prepared the birthday cakes as a surprise unbeknownst to [female] .
[female] was able to blow all the candles out with one breath , and was very pleased with her party .
everyone was arriving for her birthday party .
they wore funny glasses in honor of the event .
as the cakes came out , everyone began singing the `` happy birthday '' .
he lit the candles during the singing so she could blow them out at the end of the song .
she blew out her candles , but her wish had come true as she was already having a great birthday .
when it comes to birthdays my friends go all out .
we have multiple cakes .
and love using unique candles
[female] was happy to celebrate .
the cake was chocolate and everyone loved it .
the family all got together for their grandfather 's birthday .
grandpa posed with many family members .
grandpa had a great time .
the grandchildren enjoyed the party as well .
even the daughter had a wonderful time .
his birthday was really special this year .
his first grandson was there .
the grand daughter cut the cake .
his gift was a new car ,
he also received flowers .
grandpa was excited that everyone came by .
he was especially happy to see his grandchild .
he was older now but he still had a great sense of humor .
everyone was happy that they surprised him .
it was always nice to see the family again .
the whole family got together to celebrate uncle [male] ' birthday .
[male] loved to see his nephew .
he loved to see his whole family .
every one showed up , even his grand kids .
his wife and daughter set the whole thing up , without even telling him .
the family got together for grandpas birthday .
there were 3 generations at the party .
my cousin got to cut the cake because she 's the one who made it .
my brother is broke so his gift was a car wash .
these flowers were for my grandmother . she deserved a little gift too .
it 's time for a guy 's night out in at the bar .
the only thing i did n't expect was the fancy , colored balloons .
even [male] was n't amused by the decoration but that did n't stop us from having fun .
unfortunately rob had to leave early to take care of an issue at home and offered to reschedule the night for another time .
he did n't mind waiting until next week .
on the day of the party my husband and his friends got to catch up .
our buddy and our son were hanging out and making hand signals .
we all were feeling good and relaxing in front of the garden .
our friend in the cowboy hat deciding to start swinging around .
we put on costumes and wigs at the party to enhance the fun .
i remember back in the day when my buddy and i would go out .
we would just talk and have fun .
the people we met were good people .
it seems we could talk all night .
but then one day we had an argument and have n't seen each other since .
tonight we celebrate .
a chance to get wild and crazy with balloons .
the fellows were having a good time .
a conversation between friends .
he was the most serious one at the party .
out for a night of fun on the town .
someone decorated with balloon art .
two friends having a night out at the local pub .
friends chatting while at the bar .
a serious face before tossing the dart .
time to get drunk !
he did n't need any more .
but he kept drinking any way .
then we got another round .
that 's when things got freaky !
[female] and [female] are friends that also work together . to celebrate after a long week at work , they decided to call all their coworkers out for drinks .
[female] arrived late to the party because she was getting her nails done , and [male] had to pick her up .
[female] , [male] , and [female] work in the accounting department and have always gotten along with one another . they work well efficiently .
[female] is also good friends with [male] and [female] , who work in customer service .
everyone decided to take shots together to celebrate the workweek and to enjoy the weekend to come .
it was my first night out in awhile and i was excited .
some of my friends showed up to keep me company .
we had a lot of fun talking .
there were also a lot of new people i had n't met before .
it was fun laughing with them .
organization organization monthly meeting/ pub crawl .
our jamaican member was not happy with the first choice .
but we compromised and found a good one .
this guy needed a little help walking to the third bar .
finishing off a good meeting . did anyone take minutes ?
the friends are posing for a picture at the party .
the lady is showing off her manicure at the party .
the friends are happy at the party .
the ladies are happy at the party and the man is distracted .
everyone is now partying at the party .
it was time for the women to have her baby .
she labored and it was time to push .
the baby was born .
the new family was excited ,
the room number was visited by many that day .
here is the first picture of our child .
this is room is where he was born .
the labor was very long and painful .
finally it was time to meet our son .
this is our first family picture together .
it wo n't be long now . mom-to-be [female] is all prepped and waiting for the doctor . it has been a long time coming .
the doctor is here . `` push ! '' comes the demand . it 's easier said than done . [female] is tired from the sleepless night , in pain but ready for it to be over .
it 's a girl ! time to get her cleaned up for a family photo with mom and dad .
one big happy family , mom , dad and new baby . i wonder what they 'll name her ?
time for some rest . it has been a long slog for momma , time to let her get some sleep .
she was laying in the hospital waiting .
she was about to give birth to a baby .
it came out healthy and crying .
the mother and father where so happy .
they spent a few hours getting back to normal and headed out as a new family .
this is baby [male] 's ultrasound just before birth ,
the birthing bed is waiting for [female] when we arrived .
[female] waits expectantly between contractions .
the midwives encourage and coach [female] throughout the birth .
[female] and [male] sr. celebrate the happy arrival of their son with smiles .
the party was a blast .
these two people are having a fun time .
[male] and [male] hoped to have a good time .
[male] wanted to make some new friends .
after the party everyone had to cool off .
party at the club tonight ! look at the shy people..that will change with more beer .
[male] is such a baby when i want to take his picture .
[male] is twerking ! oh i wish i had my video camera .
caught these two trying to do naughty things in the corner . shame !
i have no clue what they are doing . i think he has his feet in a fire . time for me to leave .
here i am just before leaving for dinner .
here are two coworkers from my department goofing around .
here i am after dinner with [male] .
[male] standing at the bar with my girlfriend and another pal of mine .
after dinner me and girlfriend just wanted to crash .
he 's got the moves like jagger !
selfie ! yeah we 're wasted .
everybody is having a good time .
we need to do this again , what an awesome looking couple .
do n't get to comfortable this ai n't that type of party , lol !
a group of friends decided to have a dance party .
couples were having a blast .
everyone was smiling and having so much fun !
towards the middle of the night , people started getting tired .
luckily , there was a bed so people could nap during the party if they wanted !
the guys were getting ready for a night on the town .
big [male] found a herd of women to mingle with .
one of the women were kind of vulgar it seemed .
her friends seemed pretty sweet though .
oops , spoke too soon , this must be their normal pose .
[male] is celebrating his last day at his current job . in a week , he 'll be promoted to another office . for the party , he invited all his friends and coworkers out to the bar to celebrate .
[male] even invited his two sisters . they came out to congratulate him on succeeding and moving on with his promotion .
[male] 's coworkers [female] and [female] are also here to congratulate him on his promotion . the three of them worked together very closely on a lot of different projects . they 'll be sad to see him go , but wish him well .
as everyone congratulated [male] on his achievements , they also shared funny stories of [male] and memories of him .
all in all , they all had a great time . [male] is grateful to have such good friends and is excited about his new opportunities .
party time with the fellas .
now , the girls joined in for the camera fun .
this is for all the haters .
the ladies looking innocent .
she hid behind the champagne glass .
there was a lot of drinking going on .
everyone was getting silly .
she flipped us off .
we sat in the balcony .
[female] flipped them off but she was coy about it .
i ca n't believe it but i was really friends with all of these guys in high school .
it was fun partying with them again after so many years .
some of my friends are more crude than others .
unlike in college , i feel like i am lot more popular with the pretty girls .
this girl in particular really seemed to have a thing for me .
they started the night out inside the bar .
they drank a lot of drinks .
the table soon got quiet messy .
since it was nice outside they moved outside .
they got even crazier outside .
the night began as a get together at a friend 's house .
then everyone went to the bar and shots were ordered .
throughout the night , debauchery ensued .
[male] got kicked out for peeing in someones beer .
everyone tried to get back home , but ended up camping in the woods .
everyone is here for the fraternity party .
there are all sorts of different drinks to try .
getting to see old friends is nice .
we all like to goof around a bit .
what a great time we have had tonight .
the night started out with a few drinks .
i was excited to finally have some time off with my friends .
we were having a lot of fun catching up .
there were even a few jokes going around .
the night went on and we got sillier .
tonight me and a group of friends got together at our favorite bar .
we started the night off with a shot of vodka .
this is my best friend [male] , we always have a great time when we are hanging out .
[male] decided to show us a dance but no one was paying attention to him .
[female] and [male] were caught off guard and did n't know that we were going to take this picture .
i had fun at the party .
this guy tried to get me to do tricks
but i did n't want to do any .
so i just stood there doing nothing .
the cats were n't very impressed .
she was truly surprised for the party .
everyone was excited to be there .
the dog did n't know what to think .
so he reassured him it would be okay .
the animals were wiped out afterwards .
i really like to spend time with my dog .
she almost looks like a wolf .
but it 's her personality that wins everyone over .
she is the sweetest thing you 'll ever meet .
the cat tends to disagree .
my best friend and his dog are very close .
every time my friend comes home , he tells his dog about his day .
his dog listens patiently to him as he tells the story .
at the end , he always smiles , pats the dog , and thanks him for being a good listener .
the cats are there , too , but they are not good listeners .
rizzo was a dog that we all loved .
rizzo was named after his owner . rizzo
rizzo and rizzo were the best of friends .
they make a pact and planned on getting rid of the competition .
the com `` pet '' tition was a cat .
everyone gets ready to surprise dad for his birthday .
surprise !
he is very surprised .
everybody watches while he blows out his candles .
it was a great birthday .
[male] and [female] are playing horse shoes .
their little girl gets in on the action and has a turn .
grandma grabs her camera for the special moment .
grandma then watches in amazement as her little grand daughter starts doing very well .
after the game is over they celebrate gregs birthday with a small cake .
this past sunday was my family reunion .
relatives from all corners of the nation came together to celebrate .
the special occasion was my uncle 's 50th birthday .
we baked him a cake and lit some candles he later blew out .
the occasion was particularly special for me , because it was my birthday too .
we got ready for dads birthday party , and kind of made a mess doing so .
mom and grandma were quite surprised at our surprise for dad . grandma made sure to have her camera ready as always .
and indeed , dad was very surprised .
and blew out his candles .
i was quite proud of myself for pulling this together and making dad happy .
a lot of the family was there for the big party .
we played games outside and shared some laughs .
grandma took a lot of pictures .
we had our fans in the stages that were cheering us on .
afterwards we enjoyed some cake .
gathering at the bar for a fun night out .
the conversation flowed .
and the drinks flowed too .
she was getting tired and ready to head home ...
until her boyfriend showed up to liven up the party .
it was the gang 's get together party
[male] was posing with the ladies having a great time
here was kathy she did n't want her picture taken
[male] and [male] had to get one drunk picture together
and [male] relaxes as the party winds down
all the girls got together and had a lot of fun .
they enjoyed spending time mingling with every one
as always drinks made it better for the whole time .
she had so much fun she laughed her self to crying .
she met and spent time with new fun which is always fun for her .
the friends were so glad to have a chance to get together .
the party looked like it was shaping up to be a good one .
the two friends were discussing the contents of their glasses , each sure his own was the best .
she turned away , giggling , wondering if she should slow down on the drinks .
she decided she was fine . she was hanging out with friends , having a few drinks . this party was a success .
everyone say cheese !
hey long time no see
the drinks were going pretty fast
the jokes just kept coming
nice to be around friends
[female] feels good about turning 40 as she celebrates it with friend
she takes several pictures with her best [female] . they have been friends for several years
they sit around drinking wine and sharing old stories
finally the cake arrives and the birthday girl makes a wish and blows out the candles
some of her friends take her candles and take a funny picture with them and post to her facebook wishing her a happy birthday
we gathered to celebrate a friend 's birthday .
the birthday girl gives a smile .
so many friends were around to join in the fun .
it was quite a celebration !
everyone had a wonderful time .
birthdays are always a fun occasion .
my last birthday was a very special occasion .
all my friends gathered together to celebrate my 30th year on earth .
they baked me a cake which i promptly shared with everyone else .
my friends were extremely happy that they got to share in my joyous celebration .
it 's [female] 's birthday party .
she had n't seen her little sister in months .
she was quite pleased with the company .
we got a bit silly after the champagne .
but we were in good company .
everybody gathered for the girl 's birthday party .
lots of her friends came to see her .
they all ate dinner together in the dining room .
later , she blew out the candles on her cake .
everybody really enjoyed the party , and seeing the girl on her birthday .
this was the day we celebrated grandpa 's 90th birthday .
his friends and family all showed for the party .
catering provided generous portions for dinner .
then , the cake arrived . we teased him about having to blow out 90 candles , but we were just kidding .
the evening concluded with moist and delicious chocolate cake . [female] he live 90 more years .
the whole family filled the tables at in the hall . we waited for everyone to arrive to begin eating the meal for grandpa 's birthday .
the meal was served family style and i filled my plate . everyone together at the tables enjoying a meal was great to see .
the birthday cake before everyone took a slice . strawberries are grandpa 's favorite !
grandpa , wearing his special birthday hat , blows out the candles with ease .
everyone cheers grandpa on for his 90th birthday ! a great time was had by all .
dinner time at the old folks home
my son and daughter came to join me on my birthday .
the meal was delicious .
and i blew out my candles
birthday cake for dessert is always excellent .
dad was celebrating his 90th birthday .
we invited many friends and relatives to enjoy the occasion .
we had professional caters bring in the dinner .
here 's dad blowing out his candles .
the cake was absolutely delicious !
the whole family got together to celebrate grandpas birthday !
his eldest son gave a toast listing his many great accomplishments !
we enjoyed a fabulous dinner together .
then we sang happy birthday and he blew out the candles on the cake .
everyone loved the marble birthday cake and had a great time !
it 's my mom 's 94th birthday today .
i 'm going to visit her in the nursing home .
i brought her her favorite flavor cake .
she really enjoyed reading the card and opening her presents .
i really hope to see her more often .
she was the birthday star of the day .
she celebrated 94 years with a close family member .
the cake was delicious , as expected .
even `` big kids '' like stuffed animals .
it was a small party with big excitement for all who attended .
celebrating a 94th birthday is quite the accomplishment .
even though she no longer walks , my mother was extremely proud of this accomplishment .
her cake was decorated with her favorite color and flour .
despite her young age , she had plenty of energy to read her birthday card ,
and to compose for a picture with her favorite , only daughter .
for mom 's birthday , we made a collage of clippings from when she was born .
mom was a little tired , but still happy to see us .
we even got her a cake to celebrate .
mom really loved the card we got her .
here i am with mom .
it is a woman 's 94th birthday she was a new year 's baby .
she smiles for a picture with a birthday bow on her shirt .
she is given her cake wishing her a happy 94th birthday .
her daughter gives her a card and the woman is very touched by it .
after all of the fun is over the two women pose for a picture .
everyone showed up to the party .
some people had n't seen each other in a long time .
some people brought their children .
there were lots of pictures taken .
after the party being silly .
it was time for the family reunion this year .
people had fun showing off their kids to their distant relatives .
being reunited was just like no time had passed .
everyone was comfortable with each other by the end and shared many good laughs .
things got pretty crazy after several hours !
going away parties are always hard .
everyone got their hugs in .
the baby was n't sure what was going on .
lots of pictures were taken .
and the night ended with a bang .
family reunions are always crazy .
every year there seems to be a new child born into the family .
and every year there 's always a new boyfriend or spouse .
things start getting a little out of hand after the children go to bed .
and by the end of the night someone is either passed out on the ground or fighting with someone else .
the family got together for a big party .
little [female] was all smiles for the camera
and so was rob .
the girls had a great time .
and the guys did also .
brothers , [male] and [male] , were ecstatic to see each other after 4 years apart .
tonight was the gilmore family reunion that [male] had been planning for six months .
family and close friends had drinks while [male] played the guitar .
[female] joined in with her rendition of `` you are always with me . ''
at the end of the night , everyone took turns taking memorable photos that they would later add to their reunion facebook group .
the whole family was gathered for my grandfather 's birthday .
after the surprise , he did what he did best- tell us stories .
he may be older , but he is still popular and well liked by everyone .
he is very outgoing and loves his family .
this is all of us together . what a wonderful night .
before dinner started , grandma and granpda danced around the dining room to entertain us .
grandma then thanked all of us for coming to this family reunion .
cousin [male] played guitar for us .
while [male] played , my sister , [female] , sang while we ate .
we commemorated this occasion with a lovely picture of all the musical family members .
dancing was one of the fun things to do at this big event .
everyone enjoyed the performance . the costumes really made it seem authentic .
the fact that there was audience interaction made everything extremely enjoyable .
the event was complete with live music and singing . that really made it complete .
afterwards , everyone posed for a group photo in remembrance of the event .
we were so excited that uncle returned from his location location to location .
he shared his amazing stories about his trip with everyone . to make it more authentic , he even wore the traditional outfit .
after his stories , we spent some time listening to some mexican folk songs .
the evening ended with a singing of amazing [female] in spanish .
everyone had a great time welcoming him home !
[male] is known for his outrageous parties . he decided to have a costumed themed party . his white wig is a hit
his best friend in the red wig [male] takes a photo with [male] 's brother and post a video to organization organization organization wishing him a happy birthday
[male] is having a great time drinking and talking with friends
finally his cake arrives . he is told to make a wish and continue the festivities
[male] continues the night by conversing with old friends . he could not have asked for a better birthday
here he is as a president with who i think might be carrot top .
since my friend 's birthday is around halloween , we always have a themed birthday party for him every year .
[male] from scooby doo also made an appearance .
the mullet is pretty convincing , too .
all the costumes were great this year , and we had a fantastic time .
these two guys were both wearing wigs
at first he was reluctant to take the cake
but after a few drinks someone else started dancing
soon everyone was wasted
a good time was had by all !
this year for his birthday , my brother wanted to throw a costume party .
everyone was welcomed , costumed or not .
everyone loved my brother 's elaborate costume .
one of our friends had brought a homemade birthday cake .
everyone had a good time at the party .
we celebrated my friend 's , 40th birthday with a wig party .
[male] was wearing a white wig to represent the colonial days .
[male] had always wanted to be blonde , so he donned a blonde wig , complete with clothing from the 80 's .
[male] 's mullet style , rocker wig was my favorite wig of the evening .
before leaving the party , we all took several candid photos to commemorate the evening .
it was a party for julie she was so happy
julie was surrounded by family and friends
julie could n't believe the presents she was given
heres julie and the new born baby
julie loved her party family and friends
the woman was so surprised that a party had been thrown in her honor .
a cake was presented to her and everyone cheered as she approached it .
her only son had traveled across the country to be with her on this special day .
her sister and brother were also there , all the way from location location .
nobody in the family missed the event , including the newest member , born only 4 days earlier .
everyone gathered for grandma 's birthday .
everyone sang and took pictures .
she blew out the candles on the cake .
she even got to meet the newest member of the family
we gathered for a family photo .
mom was definately surprised we had the party in her honor .
we had invited all our family over to celebrate .
the decoration on the cake was hilarious !
here i am , with dad , mom , my sister , and niece .
mom was so excited to have the whole family over at once !
mom smiles big on her big day . she was so surprised about the party .
mom blows out the candles on her celebration cake .
mother and son pose together on mom 's big day . they could n't be more happy .
mom poses with her dear friend and her husband during the celebration .
on top of everything else , mom got to meet the newest little arrival .
getting ready to punch the curtain .
taking a step back for power .
lunging forward .
striking the curtain .
follow-through .
[female] approached the secretive chamber in the chinese eatery .
she paused to listen for movement .
suddenly a gust of wind blew the curtains at her .
being courageous , she went in .
[female] was greeted by [female] , a caucasian cook that ran the eatery .
while traveling we stayed at this hotel .
there were many things that we had not ever seen before .
these curtains were nice to look at .
when we opened the curtains there was no window there .
we thought that was funny and laughed about it the rest of the evening .
lost in a new restaurant .
is this the way to the restrooms ?
i 'll just take a quick peek through here ...
hello ? excuse me ...
that was n't the restroom !
i heard a creepy noise coming from behind the blue , decorative curtain .
i slowly crept towards the curtain and pulled out the bottom , right side a little bit ; however , i did not see anything .
i felt trepidation about opening the curtain , so i slowly put the flap back .
i decided i would not conquer my fear without looking behind the curtain so i carefully pulled back the curtain again .
imagine my surprise when the noise turned out to be a little kitty sitting on the back counter , licking his paws !
waiting for his birthday party to get started .
everyone finally arrived .
setting up the cake for the birthday boy .
blowing out the candle on his cake .
everyone danced at the end .
today is my uncle 's birthday .
he gets lots of presents .
as he opens up the packages , he holds them up for everyone to see .
after the presents , we turn on the music and dance . what a great party .
here comes the cake . funny , there is only 1 candle and my uncle is a lot older than that !
the man is opening his birthday presents .
the family is all gathered and watching .
he sits at the table for his birthday cake .
the family watches as he blows out his candle .
the family celebrates his birthday and all have fun .
grand pa could n't wait to open all of his birthday presents .
the ladies claim the best view to birthday celebration .
the cake is proudly presented to grandpa .
grandpa has no trouble blowing out his candle on his cake .
who can resist a little dancing at a party ? they still got the moves !
dad was excited with the gifts he got for his birthday .
we had family over to help wish dad a happy birthday .
one of our uncle 's brought in a cake from dad 's favorite bakery .
we laughed as dad blew out the candles .
we had a good time laughing and dancing .
everyone at the office is planning a surprise party for their co-worker .
they stand around as they wait for [male] the birthday boy to arrive .
[male] shows up and is very surprised that his co-workers have prepared a party for him .
one of [male] 's co-workers takes a picture of him with his new camera .
before the party 's over , [male] lights all of the candles on his cake and blows them out .
he is a popular man , always talking on the phone .
but its time for cake , who can say no to chocolate ?
the cake is photo worthy so make sure to take a picture first .
then you can slice and serve , they are waiting in anticipation .
the final reward , a slice of this beautiful cake .
these guys are hanging out talking looks like a cool conversation .
it may be some sort of office party today .
this man is on the phone smiling for the picture .
the man with the camera is always ready and prepared for a photo .
the cake is covered in chocolate frosting and looks delicious .
it seems like a normal day at the office .
every one is standing around talking .
then rog gets a supreme phone call .
and sally takes our her camera .
it 's a surprise party for rog . and everyone gets cake .
a man talk on the phone while at work .
a cake is presented for his birthday .
the cake is admired and photographed .
then the cake is lit .
the men wait for their chance to eat cake .
this boy won first prize in a face painting contest .
mom decided to join the kids by painting her face for the party .
this little girl had her mom paint on these attractive tattoos for her birthday party .
these two girls love making sand castles in the sand .
mom enjoys making bubbles with her son .
i got grandma to come over saturday morning .
we all went to the beach and grilled some food .
everybody was impressed with my sons table manners .
while we were eating , grandma got her face painted .
then we played in the sand until the sun went down .
the boys face is made of some sort of cat .
the grandmother looks cute and happy with her face painted .
this little girl is acting shy about taking a picture .
these two are having a ball in the sand .
blowing bubbles is always a good way to pass the time .
i am enjoying the family bbq with my grandson .
my son is getting ready to eat , and i do not think he is enjoying this particular dish .
my son is having a blast taking a ride on the trolley .
grandma looked so lovely in her blue face paint .
we made a starfish in the sand , to end the first day .
the little boy shows off his face paint .
the grandmother also joined in the fun of face painting .
the little boys sister was n't left out either .
two younger girls skipped the face painting and instead plays in the sand box .
in another area the little boy and his grandma play with bubbles .
the day begins with a lesson from the teacher as the children gather around .
the little girl in yellow loves to be held by the teacher
the girl with ponytails also likes to be held while she listens and takes it all in .
the boy in jeans is a talker , he wants to show you what he has found .
time for a group picture , the children are good friends .
this is my daughter .
her pre-school class had graduation today .
my neighbor and her daughter were also there .
we got to meet and spend some time with the teacher .
my mom and i were very proud of the teacher and our little girl .
this is a very simple and fun kids birthday party .
the kids are having a nice social time together .
the moms are managing their children very well .
the birthday girl is having fun playing with the other adults at the party .
the kids all are sitting together for a cute picture .
a big bunch of kids and their guardians came over to help celebrate little [male] 's birthday .
[male] looked really sharp dressed in his greentop .
there were some reports the cake was no good as a few children developed stomach issues .
[male] received many fun toys from the part goers .
the best part for [male] was just hanging around with all his friends .
it is a little girls birthday and all her friends are there .
she smiles for the camera .
her friend watches as she opens presents for her birthday .
she gets some shoes as a present .
the group of kids poses for a picture .
it was the morning of [female] 's birthday .
her parents planned a nice party for her .
they enjoyed pizza for lunch .
then had cake .
when she opened her presents , she was surprised with a lovely ballerina jewelry box .
[female] is having a birthday party today .
mom brings her a balloon that says happy birthday to the birthday girl .
[female] does n't look to happy at her party .
but her mom grabs her and cheers her up and tells her shes beautiful and takes a picture with her .
she then puts a hat on the birthday girl and snaps her photo .
today was a very special day . [female] was turning 5 . she was so excited ! she was having a birthday party with her family and friends .
[female] 's mother and father was also excited about [female] 's birthday . they had planned a very nice party for her and they had a big surprise .
they all enjoyed eating cheese pizza . it is [female] 's favorite food .
the cake was next , it was pink . that is her favorite color . it had her name and age written in pink and pink roses .
then it was time to open her presents . [female] 's parents gave her their surprise . it was a pink and white jewelry box . when you opened it , it played music and a ballerina danced . [female] was so happy , it was the one that she wanted .
the birthday party was set with a hello kitty theme .
we had tons of balloons for the birthday girl .
one of her favorite gifts was a music box .
here are our two daughters getting along for once !
the birthday girl was so excited and proud !
today is all about pink , hello kitty and ballerinas !
today is the birthday she has been waiting for . the house is all decorated .
we will be going to see location location on ice at the arena .
you know it is a special day when your teenage big sister is coming with you .
the birthday girl is all smiles and very excited !
a beautiful day out for the children had its start at the most unlikely of stores .
some of these children being younger than the others .
the birthday girl was so elated to be there , and all the other children seemed to be just as happy , if not more .
though , of course , she liked some of her gifts a little less than others .
it was still a fun day out , and i 'm sure one that 'll make memories for years to come .
momma [female] decided to take the children out to create some art .
the children look profusely unhappy , as they had been having a grand time watching sponge [male] .
little jeffey decides he loves art and creates a masterpiece .
little [female] is n't artistic in nature , and has a hard time not eating the clay .
at the end of the day , [female] is presented with an antique doll . it will come to haunt her in her nightmares for years to come .
we are so excited to celebrate our child 's birthday at this fun place .
even the baby is ready to have a good time .
the guest of honor is thrilled to open her presents .
she is so excited to receive her most wanted doll for her birthday !
all of her friends look on with anticipation as she opens her gifts .
the kids enjoyed the party at ceramics by tess .
the girls all sat together while working on their creations .
our boy loved making a mess .
even our littlest one got into it !
here 's the birthday girl with this years ' present -- a new doll !
we were all excited to celebrate [female] 's birthday at ceramics by tess .
the kids patiently waited while the ceramic materials were being set up .
[male] eagerly painted his ceramic orange .
[female] painstakingly painted her ceramic green .
after the ceramic activities were completed , the birthday girl opened her gifts and found that she received an american girl doll from her mom .
we all went to the location for an exciting party . it was night time .
grandma and grandpa were both there .
aunt [female] is telling her usual crazy stories with hand gestures .
little [female] is having a great time playing .
we all celebrated with a little desert at the end .
this is the house i live in . it is nice and peaceful on the outside .
but on the inside there is my nutty family . my dad always makes silly faces no matter what the occasion .
he gets it from his dad . grandma had to slap gramps a few times but he still makes stupid faces .
grandma once caught grandpa trying to light a bag of rolls on fire . luckily she was able to put it out .
grandpa claimed he was just trying to heat the rolls up so the butter would melt . silly grandpa .
take a walk and release your stress .
a couple waiting to go to the store .
a lady wondering , what is that ?
a happy birthday girl jumping up and down .
i know you dont like cake , so i bought doughnuts . celebrations doughnuts .
the court yard is a work of art .
he 's really enjoying the movie .
i got caught in a bad pose .
she sure was excited .
we had assorted pastries .
i love it when the whole family gets together at my grandparent 's house . they have made it so child friendly , with my mother 's old dollhouse .
my grandparents are always so happy to see us .
i watch in surprise and happiness how much my daughter loves her great-grandparentes .
i saw the pure happiness on her face i used to feel when spending time with them .
the day always ends with a meal made from what we always called the `` spiky potato '' -- -an ethnic dish that is very special .
the party was held in a restaurant .
the food was decorative and matched the occasion .
he blew out the candles and made a wish .
guests wore festive pieces as clothing .
the setting was large enough for all to attend .
[male] was tricked into leaving his house in favor of going out to eat at a restaurant .
at the restaurant , he was surprised by his friends .
his friends organized a surprise birthday party , cake and all .
the correct number of candles were placed on the cake to match [male] 's age .
[male] had a good time and wore one of his gifts on his head for the rest of the party .
it was jeffs birthday and he looked thrilled
here he is waving at the camera
and they took a picture of his cake
and his sweet old grandma carried it out to him
he was the birthday boy and what a birthday it was
all the friends went out to eat to enjoy good times and conversation .
we made a beautiful cake for our friend who had a birthday .
we lit lots of candles and he blew them out .
one friend wore a funny hat to dinner .
another friend wore a hat too , and a button that says `` i love beer ! ''
he was n't expecting the entire office to show up !
a little wine made it all better .
boris celebrates 30 years .
that 's a lot of candles !
quick - wash it down with some beer !
yesterday was my brothers birthday .
he was quite impressed with the cake and took pictures of it .
we put trick candles on the cake .
he accidentally put his face in the cake while trying to blow out the candles .
we made him eat the part of the cake he put his face in .
this cake looks rich and decadent , i wonder who 's birthday it is .
make sue to take a picture , before we cut into the cake .
there are 7 candles , bu only 4 are lit . are these trick candles ?
the only trick is lighting these candles . does anyone have a match ?
well , they got you , with the press your face in the cake routine . you will be smelling chocolate cake for weeks .
we never tire of celebrating one another in the office .
it 's moments like these that make us feel like family .
birthday wishes
and picture perfect moments
are the sweet treats shared by one and all .
i made bradleys favorite dessert .
and then took it to the office .
he only blew out half of the candles .
i think he was a little embarrassed .
and then he tried again .
a gorgeous cake is presented for an office birthday .
a man stands on a table so that he could get good photos .
the candles are lit on the cake .
the man in charge poses for the camera .
he blows out his candles .
everyone had a great time at the halloween party .
some people had silly costumes .
all the girls wore masks .
some did n't bring a costume .
the night ended with some dancing .
my sisters and i were invited to the best costume party ever !
we had the best time and many photos were taken !
there were so many people we knew there and a few we did n't know .
there were so many fun looks . every where you looked people had went all out on their costumes ...
everybody was dancing the night away and having a blast !
the family held a masquerade ball for halloween .
the two sisters came with colorful masks .
all family and friends were invited .
the party was lively with drinks served .
the father came dressed as a pirate and enjoyed dancing with the ladies .
we knew that this party was going to be great .
there were many different types of costumes .
some people wore them and some did n't .
we all enjoyed the music and danced a lot .
these two people were voted best dancers of the party .
we arrived at the costume party early in the evening .
here is one of my friend 's and his wife ; they love dressing up !
there were masks available for those of us without costumes .
the guys tended to stay outside and chat about business and such .
everyone danced and had such a great time with friends .
i was here , at the station , thousands of people in front of me , they were all cheering , and i was in the zone .
as the night progressed , more artsy presentations with louder , syncopated beats came on .
a slide i worked on had one of the biggest reactions in the house .
as the night started to pitch down , we winded it out with a little smooth jam .
it was one of the biggest nights of my life .
the dj was set up and ready to get the crowd pumped .
although the main lights were turned off , individuals held up glow sticks to illuminate the dark room .
large video screens also helped to light the room up .
various music video clips were played for the enjoyment of the crowd .
eventually the main dj took a break and his assistant took over for a while .
this dj was very good playing his music and videos .
the screens were large enough for everyone to see .
there were different screens throughout the building so it made it easy for everyone to see .
there were a lot of bouncers on hand to make sure that everything went smoothly .
there were a lot of people there dancing and having a good time .
the club we attended had an awesome dj .
the music was great and all the people were on the dance floor .
there were video screens everywhere in the club .
the bartenders were really cool and friendly .
the ambience was great and i ca n't wait to go again !
i got a job working at a big media event , where movies were playing on a big screen .
there was a pretty good crowd out for the event .
we showed first a horror movie where a woman was hiding behind her hands .
then we showed a documentary . all the next movies to choose from were lined up under the screen , for me to pick from .
toward the end , we just did a cool blue screen-saver type screen .
preparing for a party is a lot of work . i had to blow up so many balloons !
welcome to my party . i am glad you came .
come , have a drink . what would you like to have ?
even the dog joins in the fun . after all , he is a party animal .
i love getting together with my friends . we always have a great time together .
[male] and [female] moved into this fancy penthouse and decide to through a home welcoming party
their penthouse is located in the heart of location location location
one of the last guests to arrive happens to b [female] 's best friend [female] . she is the life of the party and [female] is glad she finally arrived
[male] and [female] converse with guests
[female] and [male] are also glad that [male] 's brother [male] was able to fly out from location for a visit . this is a great night had by all
some friends got together for a birthday party .
the birthday boy invited us in to the party .
he poured everyone champagne .
even his dog had a great time .
after some drinks , we enjoyed taking some pictures with old friends .
the balloons signified that it was time for a party .
there were many people there having a good time .
there were many things to do .
we danced and talked most of the evening .
we all gathered outside later in the evening to enjoy the fresh air and talk .
my brother and i blew up all the balloons for dad 's surprise birthday party .
dad come home right after work and was surprised when he walked in .
everyone was having a great time . dad finished this whole bottle of wine by himself !
every puddles , our golden retriever , was having a great time visiting with everyone .
the best part was we got to see our cousin from location location who flew out just for dad 's party !
we decorated the house for the party
then we baked a nice cake
people started showing up
and started having fun celebrating
at the end of the party , we were tired and took a rest .
it 's hard to have your birthday around christmas .
my mom did a great job making me feel special .
i was worried that no one would come because everyone is extra busy at this time of the year .
we had good food and a very fancy cake .
i was so happy that so many people including my good friends made it .
having a birthday party for a little girl .
the ballons are lined along the ceiling in pink , purple and yellow .
the girl and her friends are sitting aroung talking .
a nice chocolate cake with every color present .
a happy little girl and a successful party .
the balloons are so colorful .
what a fun cake .
he really liked the tree .
she enjoyed the play set .
why does she always get the chair .
although my daughter 's birthday is very close to christmas , i try hard to make it special anyway .
we decorate the house with both a tree and birthday balloons .
[female] , my daughter , gets special birthday presents , not just combined christmas and birthday ones .
i make a fancy cake for her , and have a party without any christmas themes .
the smile on her face makes it all worthwhile .
the friends had a big party between themselves .
there was plenty of delicious food .
everyone sampled from the dishes available .
decorations were cheery and matched the event .
children joined the festivities as well .
this is the birthday boy .
his family has gathered to celebrate his party .
the cake is ready for him to blow out the candles .
everyone digs into the food and eats cake .
once the meal is over everyone says that they are stuffed .
someone is having a birthday party .
so much good food is there to enjoy .
friends and family came out to share in the celebration .
the cake is chocolate and looks delicious .
everyone looks happy and very satisfied .
the table is nicely decorated .
i loved the oriental cuisine .
everyone is enjoying the nice lunch .
the cake looks delicious .
the baby is not comfy with chopsticks yet .
i wanted to give my son [male] a very special birthday this year . he 's had a tough year .
i gathered all of our family together for the party .
i worked hard on making him a special cake , and bought all kinds of party plates and napkins .
[male] loves family , and he loved having us all together for a meal .
i 'd say the party was a big success . we lingered over dinner for a long time , laughing and talking .
oh , its a happy day , finally we get to play in the spider man bouncer .
the girls like superman , but they are not against playing in the spider man bouncer .
buzz light year , aka birthday boy , blows out his candles .
the party guests wait in anticipation for their birthday treats .
make your own ice cream , what a special treat , and a great end to a great day !
many kids showed up to their friend [male] 's birthday party .
there was a lot of food , like chocolate cereal at the party .
there was also a blow up bouncy house which the kids enjoyed .
[male] 's grandfather took pictures with his digital camera .
[male] 's mom and grandma were very happy about the outcome of the party .
fun day at school today .
the children all dressed up .
and we even celebrated a birthday .
[male] 's mom brought everything needed for the celebration .
and the children had plenty to eat .
today is [male] ' birthday .
all of [male] ' friends are here .
[male] in his buzz lightyear costume .
haha . the look on [male] ' face .
hey , no eating until you wash your hands first .
the kids are going into the bounce house .
two little girls are taking a break .
the birthday boy is blowing out the candles .
the kids are ready to eat the cake .
the little girl is reaching for the plate .
the lady is embarrassed because her best friend has decided to do a strange heimlich maneuver on her .
the lady is posing with her gay friend . this friend has been her friend for nearly a decade .
the lady is embarrassed as her family begun to talk about embarrassing family stories .
lady is holding old photographs with her drinking friend .
lady is posing with old high school friends , drinking .
a group of friends enjoy some alcohol at a party .
after a few drinks , the friends become a bit more intimate and flirty with eachother .
one friend in the group got too intoxicated and urinated in his pants .
a friend of the guy who peed his pants takes a picture on his cell phone .
a girl laughs as she sees the site of the guy with wet pants .
people having fun , laughing and drinking .
so many pictures to take , the night has just begun .
she is so happy that everyone is having a good time .
looking at the pictures to see what and who else should get in on the fun .
everyone is smiling for the camera even if they do not want to .
several teenagers have a party .
every one is playing around and laughing
untill [male] spills a drink on his pants .
[male] is very sad and embarrassed .
but brittany laughs at him anyways .
candid photos are taken .
the woman poses with her boyfriend for a photo .
she is embarrassed that they keep taking them .
she looks at the photos as her boyfriend smiles .
in a group of people she is still holding the photos .
last weekend was deary and cold .
there was ice on everything .
we could n't get the car out of the garage because the gate was frozen together .
lucky for us , the refrigerator was stocked .
we ended up staying home and had a small party with our neighbors .
[female] was happy to hear she had been invited to the annual summer party .
[male] was n't so sure it was a good idea but was willing to go at least once .
there was plenty to eat and drink stored and waiting for the guests to arrive .
when everyone got there , they talked and drank , enjoying each other 's company .
[female] was right ; it was a good time for everyone .
it was a friday night , and she was excited to hang out .
her best friend was also excited to have a night with friends .
the fridge was stocked with enough beer for everyone .
all of us were gathered around the couch , telling stories .
she made fun of his story , so he tickled her .
the trees are completely barren , you could tell that winter is in full effect .
the icicles that formed on the branches , looks just like the branch is catching fire .
the icicles have even formed on the branches growing on the fence .
the fridge is stocked , and ready for the winter party that we are having .
we are enjoying a nice game of charrades with our friends .
the morning of our party it was extremely dreary .
we noticed that we had a bit of ice the night before .
there was ice on the fences too !
luckily , we had enough inside to keep us occupied , so we invited some friends over !
everyone had a nice time inside the warmth of the house and company !
discovering colorful books is fun for baby .
it also makes him laugh and scream in delight at the lights and sounds he discovers .
[male] is just learning to walk and takes a few steps towards uncle..
and a few more steps towards pizza ... sorry uncle , it just looks so good !
mommy and daddy are proud of their overall wearing wonder .
dad and grandma took pictures of [male] at his first birthday party .
grandma was so excited to watch her grandson turn 1 .
[male] was happy about all of the presents he was getting .
dad also bought a pizza for the adults to eat .
[male] and his older sister were amazed at how big the birthday cake was .
this little guy loves his noisy book !
he is so happy all the time , and his laughter is contagious .
here is the little man walking !
daddy and son love pizza ! although the little guy looks confused by it all .
auntie and uncle love the little guy !
[male] 's ready for his big surprise today .
look how happy he looks .
come to daddy .
surprise ! your first pizza .
you know you want more .
my son is enjoying some playtime with his favorite toy .
the way his face lights up when the book makes a funny noise , is priceless .
currently , we are testing out just how good he can walk .
we learned rather quickly that he will walk for food , espeically pizza .
we took an impromptu family photo , to symbolize the day .
this past weekend we had a huge barbecue party .
my favorite part was the ribs , cooked and smoked to perfection .
i was in charge of the grill for some parts .
this was a lovely piece of steak , cooked medium .
the cat definitely had its fill .
uncle [male] makes the best hot wings in the state .
i brought some of my famous barbecue meatballs . the secret is in the sauce .
uncle [male] cooked up some delicious beef brisket .
the brisket was so popular that we had to make a second one .
[male] and [female] had a great time and enjoyed some terrific food .
good food all around , looks like a feast .
[male] back ribs on the table .
some mimi hamburgers are grilling .
there are other meats that are no thing but delicious .
the cat is comfortable sitting in all the coats .
for my boyfriend 's birthday , i have a tradition of cooking him a meal with four different meat dishes . we start with some great chicken wings .
then we have some baby back ribs . it 's messy , but delicious .
some mini hamburgers come next . they are small enough to eat a lot of .
i think my boyfriend 's favorite is the very rare roast beef . even though he 's been eating all day , he eats a ton of it !
besides my boyfriend loving the meal , our cat trixie gets a lot of meat treats ! she love it too .
the grilled chicken was marinated in a special sauce .
the ribs were glazed and grilled to perfection .
the meatballs were seered with skill .
the prime rib was the most popular item at the cook out .
meanwhile , the cat quietly observed as guests arrived one by one .
[male] bought alcohol for [female] 's 21st birthday .
he takes it out of the bag and brings it over to [female] .
[female] and her best friend are very excited about drinking now that they 're both 21 .
her friends also drink with her to make the experience more fun .
everyone got a little goofy , but [female] had a really great birthday .
its a get together , who is ready for this drink/
ready or not , they are all having fun and relaxing .
but , there is always that one person , who just has to have a picture .
and she will take your picture , like it or not , so watch out .
and when she takes your picture be sure she gets your good side , and try and look sophisticated .
looks like he is cracking up pretty good about something .
obviously he 's been drinking a bit .
this is a birthday blast happening with good friends .
everyone seems to be having a drink in the support of the birthday boy or girl .
nothing like celebrating safely with friends and family .
a young adult notices a bottle of beer and wonders why was it left here .
he decides to drink the whole bottle and now he is completely drunk .
his brother is home and he is with his girlfriend .
another one of his friends is also there and is drinking .
two other guys are there too and they are just hanging out .
[male] had a birthday party today . he received a bottle of champagne to celebrate
after drinking almost the whole bottle , everything looked hilarious to him .
he seemed to think these two people hugging were the funniest thing in the world .
his girlfriend , on the other hand , was not amused .
his buddies thought it was probably a bad idea that he drank the whole bottle .
it was [male] 's birthday and he was making a big mess because it was the one day that he was allowed .
he got a lot of new coloring books and pencils .
he also got a new tricycle .
his family was very excited to watch him ride the new tricycle , and they all took a picture together to remember the moment .
[male] was mostly excited about the cake , so he blew his candles out fast so he could eat it .
the birthday boy is sitting as the guests arrive .
he is excited about the cake , and the candles are the most fascinating part . be careful !
look , its everyone 's favorite dinosaur ! [male] . now reading time will be even more fun .
and the grand finale , a brand new red trike , childhood is not complete with out one of these .
and lets not forget the helmet , safety first .
getting the house ready for the party , i tried to get [male] to clean up his toys . he cleverly said that there would only be more toys when he opened his presents .
he was right . more toys , more mess .
when he opened the tricycle , he jumped right on it , forgetting all the other new toys . he did n't even mind wearing the helmet .
when we asked him to get off it to take a family photo , he said it was part of the family and should be in the photo .
at least until the cake came . he tried to get himself and the bike close to the cake , but when it did n't work the bike was forgotten for the sweet .
we are getting ready for my son 's birthday party .
he is so ready to blow out his candles on his cake , time to make a wish .
he is starting to open his presents , this one is a book .
he is so excited that he got a tricycle .
in addition , to the tricycle , he got the helmet to match as well .
it was [male] 's third birthday and his family members threw him a little party at home .
first , they brought out a colorful cake . [male] blew out the candles .
then , they opened presents . [male] got some books from aunt [female] .
he got a bicycle from mom and dad .
and [male] got a helmet and a nerf ball from grandma .
let 's get the party going . it feels good to be with lovely friends .
this is my day . i hope what i wish for will come true .
who wants some drink and food ? so delicious !
thank you for the birthday present . i got something wonderful .
good friends stays faithful and they are always loyal .
this is [female] and today she is celebrating her birthday .
many people came to her birthday party and even brought her a cake .
[female] blew out the candles after making a big wish .
everybody clapped for the birthday girl .
[female] even got to serve up her own cake to her birthday guests .
we all clapped and cheered because we were having such a good time .
our friend blew out the candles on her birthday cake .
we cut the birthday cake so we all could enjoy it .
our friend opened her birthday gifts and was very happy with what she received .
all the friends were very happy to spend time together
we had my birthday dinner at a fun restaurant .
i blew out all of my candles , i hope my wish comes true .
my best friend cut the cake .
so excited to have finally received this as a gift .
these are my best friends from college . they mean the world to me for throwing this party .
the celebration begins with a round of applause .
one of the guests starts of the events right .
they begin pouring a round of drinks for everyone in attendance .
she opened one of the presents the guest brought .
all of the guests decide to pose one last time before departing .
my wife is having a lot of fun at her birthday dinner .
she got some really cool gifts .
she seemed quit proud of one of them in particular .
time to get the family together and go back home .
a group photo is always a must to finish off a family gathering .
this past weekend , we all got together for a friend 's birthday .
this is her youngest child and is cute as a button .
this is her older daughter , already sophisticated .
here is the birthday girl opening her presents .
what a lovely family and lovely dinner .
a woman to be at a restaurant for her birthday .
the woman is opening presents .
she is showing them to the people at the table .
she and her family had a good night .
the birthday dinner was a success .
the woman was celebrating a birthday , and her family threw her a surprise party .
they gathered around while she opened her gifts .
one of her gifts was a nice piece of framed artwork .
after the party , she went outside to take a photo with her husband and daughters .
the rest of the family came out to take a photo with the birthday girl , too .
surprise party for [female] . she looks so shocked !
the kids got her this adorable wall art .
showing off her favorite gift of the night .
what a nice family picture . it was so cold out .
thanks to the lovely stranger we got a shot of everyone . it was a great night . happy birthday [female] !
rule of hallowing the eve of all saints day : thou shall not show thy eyes
the tongue and pale forehead are acceptable , though unpleasant
hair may be colored but abscond thy eyes sir .
this guy broke the rule
and once the rule is broken , they can never be mended . can nothing be hallowed anymore ?
i 'm having a good time at the party with my wine in my hand to make it more interesting .
i 'm having a good time cant wait to get my dance on in a minute .
i did n't want to take a picture but the person snapped the picture with my mouth open .
we are having a good time at the party but my friend in the middle is so stoned he ready to go .
i enjoying myself at the punk rock party with my blue hair .
having a halloween party in a little bar .
i am not too sure if this woman is in costume .
this mans blue wig is hilarious .
these guys are all made up .
this is a fun night of friends and partying .
a group of friends decided it would be funny to dress up for a night out .
[female] came dressed with her pony tails dyed red .
[male] wore a blue wig over his head .
[male] wore 2 sparkling hair clips .
[female] had a crazy funky pink hair .
my friend [female] likes to be a little punk , so i threw her a punk themed birthday party .
i got dressed up as rocking and weird as i could , with my fairly conservative bunch of jewelry and clothes to pick from .
[female] 's boyfriend [male] did n't quite get the punk theme , and went a little more glam instead !
but [female] went all out . i love her weird pony tales and her punk expression .
our mutual friend [female] went with pink punk hair ! i think it was a good party .
it is boris 's 3rd birthday and he loves his birthday cake .
his mom takes a picture of herself , boris , and his little sister with the birthday cake .
boris ' mom hires a clown to make many balloon animals .
boris decides to wear some of the balloons on his head .
after they eat the cake , boris and all of his friends go to a carnival with many rides .
this is boris at his birthday party .
lot 's of people came to see him celebrate .
everybody was having a good time at the party .
even the other little girls were enjoying themselves .
and the adults enjoyed having the time to catch up with each other .
today is boris 's birthday . he is turning three .
his mother and brother celebrate with him . it will be a fun party .
there are lots of balloons for boris 's big day !
even his sister has fun playing with the balloons .
to top it all off , boris and his friends ride on the swing machine . it was a fun party !
the cake that we got for boris 's birthday turned out great !
we took a quick picture together before the party .
then it was on to making the party favors !
the kids got creative with them and showed off their ideas .
then we went to the amusement park for a ride on the swings !
my mom made me a birthday cake for my party .
dad took our picture with the cake before the party .
the clown at the party made alot of animals out of the balloons .
the clown made a special hat for boris and his sister out of the balloons .
we all got to go to the fair and ride the big swings , after the party was over .
here we are at the start of a fun night at the local bar .
the band was kickin and having fun .
everybody got in on the singin !
also added a little guitar solo to liven things up .
ended things with a fun dance , nobody was excluded from the fun .
our daughters graduated high school and college this fall .
we went out to celebrate .
i read a recital i had written to start the night off .
then the band took to the stage .
everybody just danced the night away .
these two girls are ready to a have a fun dancing party with music and festivity .
first , their mother begins dancing and their father claps along to the rhythm .
songs are sung from song books and the whole party sings along .
also , there is live music , which adds an enlivening flare to the night .
finally , all the guests participate in dancing with a partner . it is a wonderful night .
two friends met at the private concert .
they took a picture of people dancing .
there was a poetry reading .
then there wa slive music that they really enjoyed .
when it was dancing time again they watched a couple dance and they danced too .
the four of us were so happy to have a girl 's night out .
one of the bands that performed was really exceptional .
audience members were encouraged to come up and sign their favorite songs .
the talent that these men had on the guitar knew no bounds .
we could not resist getting on our feet and dancing the night away .
getting ready for a fun day with all their snack .
the kids getting their grub on .
time for some fun in the sun , cant be locked up inside all day .
heres dad playing with the kids on the swing , they love it so much .
after a long , fun day its time for bed !
the little girl was dressed beautifully for a special event .
it appeared to be a party with a lot of delicious food .
some of the little girl 's friends were able to make it .
after eating , the children went outside to play .
at the end of the night the children were exhausted and content .
having a little party with some friends .
setting up the table for when everyone is ready to eat .
outside playing with others is always so much fun .
swinging is one of my all time favorite outside activities .
can`t sleep because of all of the fun of the day , but soon they will be dreaming .
today this girl is dressing up like a pretty princess .
she invites all her friends and they have a princess party .
they also make food and participate in craft activities .
finally , they have fun playing on the backyard swing set .
as they roll into bed the girl and her brother talk about their day . it has been a wonderful party !
it was time for our daughters birthday party
lots of food for everyone , all yummy !
waiting in line for the swings , sharing is very important .
it 's almost her turn , you have to be patient .
a fun but tiring day is finally over .
a little boy is excited to go trick or treating .
his older sister is also excited to leave and get some candy .
before they go trick or treating , the kids and some of their friends have a big halloween dinner .
they also color some white t-shirts and make spooky designs .
after that , they are all ready to get out of the house and get some candy .
halloween had finally come .
the kids had been waiting so long .
the costumes were on and they were ready to go .
it was time to make some tricks and treats .
they all enjoyed their time together .
my mommy dressed me as a cat .
my sister chose a spider for her costume .
all my friends came to the party , we enjoyed lots of cake and treats .
after cake we decorated shirts .
we had so much fun for halloween .
the table is set for a fabulous halloween party .
look who is all dressed up as a scary kitty .
the spider tattoo is a nice addition that goes well with the rest of the costume .
the children are at the table ready to eat some of that good food .
reading a really good book is a great way to end a party .
it was halloween and time for the party for the kids
our son was getting ready with his costume .
our daughter loves halloween and loves dressing up for it .
a fun party for the kids and the adults too !
they got to look at pictures from last years halloween .
[male] is 5 today and she like chocolate , and bats .
this witch is training is a girly witch , do n't forget .
she loves the crown and her friends are here , having fun .
the day includes face painting . not to be catty , but are you a rabbit ? or a cat ? looks good either way .
the adults sure do enjoy different things then the smaller party goes , do n't they ?
my daughter was born on halloween .
she turns 5 this year and since her birthday is halloween , she can dress up for her birthday .
she dressed up as a witch for her birthday party .
her grandfathers spent time getting to know each other .
i ended up talking to the other mothers until the party was over .
[male] celebrated her 5th birthday by throwing a costume party .
she received many fun presents .
all her friends gathered to help celebrate her birthday .
she even had someone that did face painting for her guests .
her family helped throw her a party by cooking delicious food for the guests .
today was my daughter [male] 's 5th birthday .
she loves having her birthday near halloween . it 's her favorite holiday .
she invited all of her school friends to a halloween-themed costume birthday party .
we offered fun games and face painting for the kids .
we also offered some good food for the parents to enjoy while the kids has fun .
it 's [male] 5th birthday and they made a batman cake for him .
[male] is about to open up one of his birthday presents .
all of his family and friends are gathered around together having a great time .
one of [male] 's friends is being face-painted by an adult at the party .
the grown-ups are dishing out food for themselves on the table .
girl wearing a strange scottish wig smiling , while drunk of course .
dog wearing the same strange scottish wig . he is n't very happy .
people sitting outside the party . having fun and drinking the night away .
another group of people at the party playing a board game . looks kind of like jenga .
someone else being carried around the party . dude in question was literally terrified .
my friends and i had a little get together last night .
suddenly another friend of mine showed up wearing a goofy wig .
somebody got silly and put the wig on the dog .
the dog seemed to like it and wore it quite some time .
finally my friend took his wig back but seemed to be happy it caused us all to laugh and have a good time .
how do you like the scottish looking hat ?
the dog is not fond of wigs and hats !
drinking and relaxing at the party .
gambling with doggy snacks at least you do n't loose any real money !
after a few drinks our friend had near superhuman strength .
the event is a large outdoor neighborhood party . although it is cool enough for jackets , some decolletage is displayed .
the fun includes faux tattoos and a hat with a red wig .
the hat with hair moves from person to person to dog .
the dog brings smiles to the party-goers .
[female] laughs at herself as she takes the hat from the dog and poses for a camera shot .
a group of friends enjoying each other stories .
it 's always fun getting press on tattoos and sharing them with friends .
the many ways to dress up your pet so that they look good .
a family that likes to include their pet in there conversation .
posing for a picture is always fun .
today is muffins the cat 's first birthday .
his owner is very excited and has planned a mini-birthday party for him .
his owner loves animals in general , so she also prepared a treat for the family dog too .
the owner 's mom and dad also love the family dog .
the owner loves her cat very much and is happy with how the day turned out .
it was time to have a celebration .
even the cat wanted to help out .
everyone gathered for the party .
the dog eyed all the food lustily .
even when it was photo time the dog had eyes on other things .
today is my cat 's birthday , and here is the photo to prove my cat 's excitement .
here is the celebratory birthday smile with my cat .
we invited all of her pet friends to enjoy the party as well .
here is a picture with my cat 's pet friends and family .
the end to a perfect birthday celebration .
this is my cat [female] . today she is going to a party .
first i will make a cake that i will take to the party . [female] is a little upset that it is not for her .
this is my mom and aunt and me with the party dog [male] .
today is [male] 's birthday . this is the cake i made for him . it has dog food and dog snacks to decorate .
my mom loves her dog [male] and she loved that i made a dog birthday cake .
its the dogs birthday .
the cat is not happy when she has to wear a party hat .
the dog is presented with his cake .
the family takes a photo together to remember the dogs birthday .
the cat looks on as the dog eats his cake .
my little nephew was so happy to celebrate with us .
we got him a board game that he played very often .
my aunt got him an action figure .
he was so excited to be getting so many gifts .
he designed his own hat to show us .
i had a very good time last night .
my brother was watching t.v .
my parents were on the couch .
i wanted to play with my brothers toy .
my parents also bought him a new one .
everyone was excited for the boy 's birthday , including his little brother .
he got a spongebob game from one person .
and a spiderman toy from someone else .
the boy went through his presents carefully , thanking everyone for each gift .
luckily , he had plenty of time to be silly as well .
this is a picture of a baby .
this is a picture of a board game .
this is a picture of a spiderman toy .
this is a picture of two people .
this is a picture of a little boy .
little [male] is spending time enjoying his big brothers birthday .
[male] got a lot of presents from friends and family .
his aunts came from out of town just for the party .
it did n't take him long to enjoy this candy that was attached to one of the gifts .
his grandmother got him this game to play when she comes over to visit .
we ran into my neighbor and her boyfriend at the bar last night .
she was in story telling mode .
she was telling us about an accident she was nearly in earlier in the day .
right when she got to the good part , something caught her eye .
she looked up and there standing in front of her was the driver she had been complaining about .
our friends are always trying to get us to go out together .
sure , i like him ... we joke around on our club ski trips , but he 's like my brother .
who would i like to go out with ? well , i met a someone in school activities .
we write each other all the time now . oh ! ... gasp ! ... i was hoping he could come .
he made it !
special night out for us , my hubby 's birthday .
here 's me laughing at one of his corny jokes .
we stopped to watch a close game on tv , oooh , what a good game , see me , i 'm saying oooo !
we started talking about how intense the game was . guess i was being intense too .
game over and the waiter has just asked me if i 'm in need of another drink ... .huh ? !
[female] and her husband are enjoying an evening out with friends . here she starts a conversation with a female friend
she feels passionately about the subject .
although she is not italian , she uses her hands to emphasize her points .
she also listens well which is the sign of being a good friend .
in the car with her husband , both are pleased with the experiences of the evening .
having a good time at the bar is a typical friday night for most , but this woman has a visitor .
the stories she was telling to her friends made everyone laugh !
she made the best facial expressions to match the stories .
but then her boyfriend declared it was time to leave , he believed she may have had too much to drink .
thanks for a great time everyone ! ca n't wait to see you all next week .
just chillin ' for the party tonight !
drinks and fizzy candy is gon na make these revelers hyperactive tonight !
he 's had so much to drink : can his breath catch fire ? he 'd look like a dragon !
everybody 's having fun at this birthday party .
and everybody collapses into a group hug . cheers !
this is my silly brother .
we had a get together for his birthday yesterday .
i brought the beer .
my wife baked him a cake .
she also photographed the entire event `` for evidence '' .
alcohol was a must to get this party started !
the siblings enjoyed some shots together .
it was his birthday , so he had to blow out all of the candles to make a wish .
after cake , the party got started with a little dancing !
it was a great party and got the whole family together !
plenty of beer is necessary for a great birthday party for a man .
the guest had shots together .
the birthday boy blew out his candles .
they danced the night away , and got really silly .
here is the birthday boy with all his pals . they had a great time .
the drinks were all ready for the party !
everyone has started to enjoy themselves .
the birthday boy makes a wish and blows out the candles .
now it is time for the dancing to begin !
the whole gang together again !
we drove across town to go to my step daughters birthday party .
this is my stepdaughter and she was happy we came over .
everybody caught up on things for awhile .
then it was time to light candles on the birthday cake and pass out gifts .
we gave her this lovely photograph of all the kids in our extended family .
they are gone now . their memory burns in our heart .
the sparkle of life and love that once was .
strong family ties strengthen by generations of hardships endured .
year after year new generations mature and endure .
the sparkle of life and love that will endure in our heart and memory .
this family loves to take portraits together for memories .
you can see how much they truly love eachother .
i am sure the mother of these girls thinks they are growing up so fast .
looks like a little birthday party is taking place .
what a happy day they are having , nothing like the love of family and friends .
daddy is driving us home with the birthday surprise for mommy !
older sister and daddy are all smiles in anticipation of the birthday .
mommy gives the two sisters a kiss as they sit on her lap .
now the birthday cake has candles and is on the table , and everyone sings .
here is mommy 's birthday gift -- a family portrait in a silver frame .
today i got to drive my family to my cousins birthday party .
i saw all of my older cousins , aunts and uncles for the first time in a long time .
seeing my family together was very nice .
we all had so much fun being together , and i think that my cousin was really happy about her cake .
i was sad at the end of the day to be leaving them , but i know that i will see them all again soon .
everyone had a great time at the party yesterday .
we were all dressed very well .
i saw some people that had lost their clothes .
we tried to find them for him .
we danced for the rest of the night .
his friends kept telling him to get cable tv . he got cable tv .
do n't go to cult dance parties and get netflix
after going three times [male] became this .
once he realized he doesnt get the channel `` gators chasing humans '' is on , he started going to cult dance parties .
this is [male] , he is quite a fairy .
the bachelor did n't know what to expect .
then out popes his friend in a bikini .
he even had on heels .
the night became very unexpected .
they really gave this guy a hard time .
the man has his hand in front of his face smiling for the camera .
the gentleman with the bow tie looks of in the distance .
the man is wearing a pink bikini in front of the crowd .
the man in the pink bikini is entertaining the crowd .
the people are dancing , laughing , and smiling having a good time .
i was rather bored at the party the club threw the other night .
that was until the man came out wearing a bright pink bikini .
she told us he was doing it for charity and we should vote to see if he had the best costume .
we discussed this as we were n't sure if it was the best costume or just the most original .
in the end , he got a lot of donations , so at least his courage made for some good .
this was a really cool dinosaur skeleton we came across .
the kids had fun tossing all of my coins into this machine .
everyone was enjoying opening the presents .
this little boy really wanted to help unwrap .
a picture we took from outside the museum .
took the kids to see the dino exhibit . they were so excited .
this is one of the many dinosaurs on display . the kids learned a lot of new things .
after lunch we visited the kids area for some hands-on activities .
all the kids made hats out of newspaper and decorated them .
he 's showing off his new hat . they did a really good job .
it was a normal day at the school
there were dinosaurs at the school
it was arts and crafts time
they created all sorts of things to play with
and had a great day at the school
the field trip was awesome . even the dinos hung with us .
love these coin machines .
having fun with paper .
arts and crafts are great !
ca n't wait to get inside !
this was our trip to the museum and school .
this was a great display of a dinosaur .
then the kid 's start to craft what they saw at the museum .
the kids are having a great time crafting .
the bot is showing off his new hat that he made .
yo hear this crazy night that i had !
first , i grabbed some delicious food .
then i met this girl at the restaurant . she was really cool .
we had a lot of fun !
then my dad gave me and my friend a ride back home .
the man was on a date with his wife .
his wife was getting drunk .
he ate some delicious desserts .
his wife had more drinks and was trashed .
he left to to talk with other women .
the birthday boy arrived at the restaurant with his favorite food ready for him .
his girlfriend greeted him with a glass of beer
after eating dinner , he ate his favorite dessert .
they both then had some more beer .
to remember this day , he took some pictures with his friends .
some of us got together for a good time this weekend .
we started with some food and some yummy dessert .
there were some drinks too and the night started to get fun .
one was n't enough for her , she needed to really get the party started !
by the end of the night people were starting to get wild .
i invited some friends over for a party . we had asian food .
i also had plenty of drinks .
it was [male] 's first time eating asian food .
i had all the right glass wear for the drinks .
my friends had a great time .
today was the day .
everyone was there .
we had some great food .
saw a vintage keyboard .
and there were flowers too .
we stumbled upon this scene by accident . it was so weird .
these guys were dressed up like characters and acting out some play .
i would n't want to be the guy in the back . it looks so uncomfortable .
they did have a lot of people gathering to watch .
this character was totally creepy . we took off when she came closer .
the stern family was visiting location in location for the day when the came across a bodega where people were celebrating the chinese new year !
they happily paused in their tour to watch the excitement . there was a dragon in the bodega ! it was very exciting !
when they went home , mom made one of their favorite dishes , cheese blintzes so they could celebrate too !
[male] , the oldest brother , was an electronic wiz and played music for little [female] to dance to after she finished eating .
unfortunately , the kids ' dad 's laptop died earlier that day . so they had a funeral . and then ate more blintzes ! ! !
the place was packed with people when we arrived .
people where just starting to pour out onto the floor .
there was good food too .
after , the music got started .
there was art , music and drinks .
the festival was very fun .
there were many things to watch in the hall .
the food was delicious and the boys loved eating it .
the funnest thing was the music they played in the hall .
this was the strangest thing found by the boys , the did n't know what it was supposed to symbolize .
it 's [male] 's birthday and he 's ready to party .
he had a great time dancing .
of course , he invited some of his friends to join him .
many of them partied , too .
some of them partied a little too much !
the reception had started and people were already getting tipsy .
[male] was tearing up the dance floor ...
while [male] just tore something on the dance floor .
[male] and [male] were beyond drunk . time to call a cab .
they did n't make it to the cab . i 'm not cleaning up that mess .
my boyfriend igor is a great guy and would do anything for a friend or stranger . igor 's only problem is that he ca n't hold down his liquor .
oh no , igor has had to much to drink and is already acting like a drunken fool .
his friend [male] is also acting up . igor knows [male] from his psychotherapy class .
i hope igor can hold it together for a few more hours before he passes out .
well to late , it looks like igor is passing out on the kitchen table .
the party started right off the bat with a dancing contest .
each guest tried to outdo the other .
there was a short break in the middle giving the guests a chance to eat and visit .
but after a few drink , and some reminiscing people were ready to move again .
and the hijinks on the dance floor were more ridiculous than ever .
they went to celebrate with their friends .
he danced by himself .
he had too much fun and fell down .
they laughed and had fun together
he was the last one to leave .
everyone anxiously awaited [male] 's arrival ...
because today was his birthday , a day to celebrate with cake ...
and gifts , plenty of gifts !
[male] had a great time , he even played dress up..
and they ended the party with a crazy light show .
we had a fun weekend
it was party time at my house
[female] was there
it was like a rave almost
i loved dancing with lasers
parties with my friends are always an eventful and memorable time .
we had birthday cake . there were so many candles . really minds us of how old we are getting .
of course there were gifts .
and there were more gifts !
glow in the dark hula hoop was one of my favorite moments . we definitely need to have these parties more often .
a whacky costume birthday party .
time to make a wish !
fun , games and beer . what is not to like ?
lots of games to play , more fun !
someone did a very cool light show .
streamers draped the ceiling and foil stars dripped downward .
party night was here .
there was dancing .
neon hula hoops .
round and round they go , yeah , its party night .
birthday girl reaching for the balloons .
and now she is reaching for a flower .
kids gathering around the table to sing happy birthday .
cutting the birthday cake .
time for gift opening .
it 's the babies first birthday ! ! everyone came to help celebrate .
the waitress even brought over a toy and balloon for her .
the older kids are anxiously waiting for the cake . it looks yummy !
grandma did n't make them wait long . she cut the cake while they looked on .
after cake and ice cream , the baby got to open presents and play with all the new toys .
the baby arrived to his party .
first things first , he has to play with some balloons .
after that , it was time for cake .
his aunt did the honors of cutting it .
then , it was time to open presents !
we gathered for my niece 's birthday party .
her baby sister had a great time .
she got to help cut the cake .
my mom served up the cake to all the guests .
my niece let her little sister open the presents .
my grandmother 's birthday is today and all of the family both young and old came to celebrate .
my younger sisters helped to decorate the party by blowing up balloons .
there was a beautiful homemade cake that everyone was eager to eat .
grandma got to cut the first piece since it was her day .
there were even gifts for the little ones to keep them occupied while the adults enjoyed the party .
a picture with one of my favorite people .
this guy showing his belly that is about to be filled with food .
our appetizer looked delcious .
the desert was ever better looking and was so decadent .
no one had a problem eating all their food and clearing the table .
they kicked off the party by going to the local italian restaurant .
the homies drank alcohol and ate food .
they started off with a cucumber salad .
they finished with some smoked tuna .
overall the homies had a great time .
the couple enjoying dinner with some friends .
the groups of friends were enjoying wine with their dinner .
the cucumber salad looks delicious !
the seared ahi tuna dish was the highlight of the dinner party !
everyone was enjoying a nice after dinner conversation .
[female] and [male] had a nice dinner with friends .
[female] 's friend [female] thinks she ate too much and feels full .
but the food looks so good that they keep grabbing what they can .
desert tops it off making the dinner one of the best they ever had .
as they clear the table the only thing left is their drinks they had and some napkins .
we went out for a nice dinner with some friends .
all our old friends came .
we tried some new dishes .
the pork was delicious .
we had a great time .
started the night off with a selfie .
everyone was excited for thing to begin .
i had to get a picture with my favorite aunt of course .
i also had to get a picture with my favorite grandma .
these two are great and i was so glad they could come .
my grandma and me before leaving for my birthday party . love her so much !
yep that 's me . where 's my presents ? haha !
my parents booked the entire restraurant ! this is only a small part of the group .
here 's some more of my family and friends . i am so lucky !
my mom cutting my birthday cake . it was a great night !
[male] was getting ready to go to the annual family get together .
all of the family was there enjoying the tremendous food .
[male] and his aunt posed for pictures outside .
[male] also got to see his grandma for the first time in over three years .
it was a great time for [male] hanging out with his family all day .
today i am graduating from college and moving away to a new city to start a job .
everyone in my family and our close friends rented out a restaurant to celebrate and say goodbye .
my mother was both excited and sad and made sure we posed for lots of pictures together .
my aunt also got her fair share of pictures taken with the two of us .
i 'll miss my older brother and sister the most , this will be the first time we 're away from each other .
his grandmother did n't tell him the surprise she had planned for later that evening .
a party in his honor .
all his friends and family came .
everyone was looking at him .
after he blew out the candles his mother helped him with cutting the cake .
it was halloween and this man with a red bandana wanted to party .
his buddy rolled a cigarette to smoke ,
his friend tom came with his gf .
his girlfriend wore a sexy mini mouse outfit .
his other buddy got them all high with his astronaut mask bong .
three friends gather to celebrate a costume party .
a lovely couple are dressed for the celebration .
a woman in control , she came alone to the party .
someone forgot it 's costume party and did n't dress up .
great helmet but he 's going to have trouble eating and drinking .
halloween was so fun this year . i was a cowboy .
my best friend dressed up with just a mask .
others followed his lead .
there were also a lot of pretty girls there .
an astronaut came by to liven everything up .
this guy improvised since he had no mask to go to a masquerade ball .
his friend laughed at the guy who used a napkin as a mask .
a couple had a good time at the party .
this lady placed the mask on her head since she was tired of wearing it all night .
this guy was trying to be funny by wearing a helmet and glasses instead of a mask .
the friends got together for a halloween bash .
they met new people and had some drinks .
later that night the dance party started .
one of the friends even got married .
by the end of the night there was an astronaut in the kitchen .
these photographs were taken at [male] 's 21st birthday party .
that 's [male] 's dad and hot young wife , shoshanna . he 's not stoned , he always looks like that .
[male] 's friend , [male] , singing a song he wrote especially for the occasion . it was really good .
[male] 's musician friends entertained the crowd with some great music .
when the band began to play the happy birthday song , [male] 's sister , [female] , entered the room with birthday cupcakes for all .
the band wanted to practice for their concert .
the guitarist practiced singing .
when the other members got there they jammed out
the girl on the fiddle rocked out so hard
the dudes sang a funky reggae song
all of my friends came to my house party yesterday .
we had a great time together .
some people brought their guitar and started to play music .
after a while they all got together to play as a band .
i made some dessert before hand . everybody loved the cupcakes .
it is time for a band rehearsal and [male] is on base .
[female] strikes a nice cord playing lead guitar .
there are so many instruments that the band is doing great .
some of the music requires a lot of concentration while playing .
they call these rehearsals their jam sessions . the boys always try to sneak in some fun time .
we were at [female] 's house for her birthday .
everyone was hanging out waiting for our friends to pull out their instruments and start playing .
mitch got up first with his guitar and started playing a song he had written for her .
next , our friend [male] and his band got up to play a country version of `` happy birthday '' for [female] .
when that was over , we brought [female] some cupcakes with candles in them . she blew out the candles and thanked us all for wishing her a very happy birthday .
the party was getting started !
a picture of some of my favorite people
a picture with my favorite girl .
we were a little more intoxicated in this photo though !
we needed to lay down after a few to many drinks .
the family is having a wonderful party .
they are showing and posing for happiness of party .
the three ladies admire the men and photographer .
she grabs the balloons and squeeze for joy .
the two are having drinks and exchanging conversation .
the party was already in full swing when we arrived .
everyone looked pretty happy to see us .
there were also a lot of old friends there .
we had a lot of fun catching up .
we relaxed in the room upstairs for a little while too .
[female] arrived at her first college party unsure if she would fit in .
before she knew it , she had found a couple of new friends , [male] and [male] .
the sorority girls looked down their noses at [female] .
but once she and [male] had a few drinks , they both loosened up .
[female] left the party with [male] , and no one missed them at all .
today was our last day of high school and i threw a giant graduation party for all my classmates .
my friends all came to celebrate the few remaining days we would be spending together before going off to college .
my boyfriend and i dedicated the evening to having a great time together because we would be going to schools across the country .
we goofed off and laughed and avoided any serious thoughts about tomorrow .
at the end of the evening we relaxed in his bedroom with a few close friends and talked until sunrise .
this is my sister .
she threw a party last weekend .
she tried to hit a pinata but missed .
her friend tried next but missed as well .
next her bother , who plays baseball , hit is to hard they could n't find any candy .
it was a girl 's birthday and she got a present from her bf .
she was so excited to get a $ 500 gift card .
later that night she wacked a pinata
his buddy tom grilled food for them .
they later listened to their friend sing
jen got all dressed up for the crazy party friday night .
she was excited as her friends began to show up .
she took a blind whack at the pumpkin pinata .
jen prepared to take another swing .
[male] also gave it his best shot , swinging wildly at the pinata as the party continued .
it was a costume party .
lovely invitations had been sent and the decorations were ready .
there was a pinata .
she used her three attempts to hit the pinata to no avail .
finally , the guy dressed as a hobo smashed it open .
it was [female] 's birthday party . she decided to go with a little girl theme this year .
her friends brought her presents and she donned a princess crown and party dress .
the highlight of the party was the pinata , which [female] made herself . as the birthday girl , she got the first swing .
next up was her friend [female] who managed to hit the pinata once and then missed .
finally , her friend [male] got a chance and was able to split the pinata in two sending candy flying everywhere . everyone agreed that [female] 's party was the best birthday they had been to since they were kids .
it was another great time . the guys had a blast .
the women decided to have their own fun and leave the craziness with the men .
[male] made his brother promise to have a great time .
so he initiated a play fight that riled everyone up .
[male] wondered whether or not the pizza would ever arrive .
the party was already underway .
this girl was excited to be partying !
this guy was the rock and roller of the party .
someone was about to get taught a lesson .
i guess that lesson was more alcohol !
there was a party at the frat house last night .
two of the school 's cheerleaders showed up .
[male] tried to talk some sense into [male] , who was drunk and belligerent .
[male] tried to start a fight by hitting [male] after [male] spilled [male] 's drink .
[male] just shook his head and walked away .
the party started when dimarco danced to electronic music .
the girls started to show off their moves as well .
[male] lectured [male] on the ethics of dancing .
a fight broke out when [male] punched [male] in the face .
their mutual friend , [male] , made fun of [male] 's face when he got punched .
some craziness last night before graduation .
[female] and [female] dancing .
[male] and [male] getting into a heat debate about the perfect martini .
acting out the fight scene of the matrix . yep , i know these guys .
do i smell pizza ?
[male] had a party last week .
all his friends came over to play cards and talk .
they had lots of drinks for everyone .
he even had a cake .
all his friends spent the evening dancing the night away .
they kicked off the party by smoking a blunt .
the dudes drank beer all night .
they played poker with each other .
they consumed all the alcohol over the course of the night .
the dudes passed out on the ground .
the snack table was laid out for the party
a bunch of people decided to start out the night by playing poker .
we had a ton of alcohol on ice for later on in the evening .
our friend [male] 's birthday was that weekend so we got a cake for him !
we gathered around to sing the special birthday song for [male] .
the apartment was ready with snacks for the party .
the first thing everyone did was play some cards .
then , they drank some liquor from the big selection available .
afterwards , they had some cake .
for the rest of the evening , everyone just socialized .
it was the night of the party .
he had wanted a poker themed party .
she made sure all his favorite drinks were there .
she also prepared a home made birthday cake in his honor .
he was surprised at how many people showed up for the evening .
a drunken pirate costume party . this could be interesting .
[female] and [male] were all decked out and ready to have fun .
[male] , on the other hand , went a little too far with the costume .
[female] showing off her assets .
while [male] was already passed out soon after the party started .
these are my long time face book friends .
this man is very close to me , he his my husband .
our friends who visit our house often , they are good people .
these three ladies are my sisters in friendship .
these are our favorite friends , they are like family .
i went to a pirate themed party last night .
my friend , [male] , came with me .
we put fake tattoos on ourselves to look more like pirates .
there people there were really fun .
[male] and i were so tired when we came home , we went to bed .
every year we throw a huge halloween party , we all get drunk and have a great time .
we play drinking games and all dress like weird people .
the nights get a little crazy and people start to take off their costumes because they are drunk .
people start showing more and more and become sexual , but most people are too drunk to do anything .
eventually everyone falls asleep because they drink too much .
there was lots to drink at the pirate party .
people wore interesting costumes .
some went above and beyond in their outfits .
everyone got into the spirit of the theme .
it was quite a party !
this boy wanted to be a super star
he practiced everyday on the drums
everyday he could play the drums faster and faster
his dad trained him how to play
his sister was jealous of him
today was my mom 's birthday . we had a nice cake planned for her .
a lot of her friends showed up to attend !
[female] wanted to play a son for our mom . he really rocked it out !
it looks like mom is enjoying herself .
our uncle wanted to play a special song for her as well . everyone had a great time jamming out .
anakin was eager to start his own garage band .
his twin brother , [male] , was eager to join him .
he could play those drums like [male] collins !
his drum teacher , [male] , attended practices to help [male] .
boy , was he mad to find out [female] could play better than him !
watch my son as he gets ready to practice on the guitar .
then my boy wants to jam out on the drums .
i love when starts to get into his jam sessions .
dad starts to show him how to use the drums better .
finally , i try to learn the drums as well . what great day .
mikey jamming on the guitar .
my husband thought it was a good idea to get a drum set .
mikey is really getting into it .
yep i regret this already .
gabby wanted in on the action . looks like we may have a rock band in the family .
it was tricia 's 12th birthday and she got a lot of birthday cards .
her mom made a lot of food for this occasion
they ate and talked with each other
her aunt snapped pictures of them on her phone
her dad bought her a cheerleader cake because she just recently made the team
today was a big day for me . we made ornaments and such for the party .
ca n't believe it 's my 12th birthday ! i feel so old already . ca n't wait to be a teenager .
i was a little embarrased with all of the pictures being taken .
the cake was very nice , and i could n't wait to blow out my candles and make a wish !
little [male] was so tuckered out from the party , so he had to leave early . i 'm glad everyone had a lot of fun .
the girl enjoyed her birthday gifts and cards .
her brother liked the drink and time with the family .
there was a lot of good conversation .
some people called and sent text messages .
[female] had a great 12th birthday !
the birthday girl reads her birthday cards .
mom puts the finishing touches the birthday cake .
everyone chats and laughs as they finish eating their snacks .
it 's time for the birthday girl to blow out the candles !
he little brother looks on wondering when he will get a cake of his own .
the birthday girl wanted to open up her gifts before having cake .
she was surprised by her cheerleader cake !
all the family was there to celebrate her 12th birthday !
this was the most candles on a cake we had seen in some time . she got them all , first try !
[male] brother was excited for his sister , and even more excited for the cake !
the newborn baby fell asleep in the car on the way to grandmas
grandma just got up from a nap
the mom carried the baby to grandma
grandma was so happy to hold the baby
the family was so excited to be with each other .
we finally get to bring our little angel to see her great grandmother .
lots of people were excited to see little [female] .
grandma was looking great . we covered her in blankets to make sure she stayed warm .
i ca n't believe it 's her 103th birthday ! we all enjoyed a nice cake with the family .
grandma was a little tuckered out towards the end , but i 'm sure she enjoyed our company .
the baby was sleeping on his way to visit his grandma for the first time .
his mom carried him to her .
they both connected and a loving bond was formed .
it was the grandma 's 103rd birthday , so they all had cake .
being 103 years old , its hard to feed yourself , so her daughter helped out
a family decided to bring their baby to visit grandma for her birthday .
the baby was very happy that day .
grandma was extremely happy also to be able to hold her granddaughter .
there was even a cake made for her 103rd birthday .
the kids fed the grandma the cake .
all dressed up for a special birthday party for grandma .
today she turns 103 , and looks as lively as ever .
the new baby was excited to meet her grandma .
102 years separate these two , but there is still a lot of love .
grandma was so happy for everyone to visit and celebrate her special day .
my mom took my little bother to an indoor pool .
he liked playing in the fountain .
he made a friend while he was there .
he was n't happy when it was time to get out of the water for awhile .
nevertheless , he played so long he was exhausted .
it was the boy 's first time at a water park
he played with the fountains of water
the boy also sat in the shallow end
his mom picked up him when he was getting tired
she carried him in his arms as he fell asleep
[male] 's man set him into the fountain during a trip to the waterpark .
[male] had a great time playing in the water .
i think he even made a friend or two .
[male] was ecstatic about the experience .
afterward , little [male] was all tuckered out .
i took my son [male] to an indoor pool .
he loved playing with the fountain .
his friend , [male] , swam alongside him .
[male] made an accident in his pants and got fussy about it .
i coddled [male] until he fell asleep on my shoulder .
the family went to the water park .
the youngest child loved playing with the fountains .
but he was very unsure about the deep end of the pool .
the sudden drop scared him and he went crying to his mother .
she picked him up and comforted him until he quieted down .
we had a party
so many people came
there was even a parrot there
we all got drunk
even the dog partied
the friends filled up the car with gas before their road trip .
they took selfies together once they arrived at their destination .
they got the house all decorated before the party .
they even hired a dj to play music for everyone .
everyone had a great time socializing with all of their friends .
a get together with friends is on the agenda .
have a little drink and good conversation .
this man has a white bird on his shoulder .
getting ready to get the music pumping .
its gon na be a long night , better grab a quick nap .
we all gathered to play a new game .
[male] was clowning around a little bit for the camera .
[male] was showing off his pet bird [male] .
the boys were catching up on some old times and chatting .
[male] is taking a nap with a friend , both look very happy .
the family was happy
that they were having a party .
the guy had a bird
and they were talking
before cuddling with the dog .
it was a celebration that night
everyone was having a great time
singing karaoke and having a great time
some better than others
it was a fun great night !
today we had a birthday party .
i was having a lot of fun .
we took lots of pictures .
there was also karaoke .
everyone had a great time .
[female] was enjoying her birthday . we got her some cool stuff .
she insisted on wearing the birthday hats .
who are we to say no ?
we did a little karaoke .
his birthday hat was n't fitting on his awesome hair . [female] decided his hair was a good hat .
the woman is happy showing her green handbag .
the female party goer had a hat on her head and was smiling .
the man with the microphone was pointing and talking to the crowd .
the woman was signing to the crowd .
the two friends are smiling happily at the event .
we 're having a birthday celebration at our favorite pub .
bring your smiles , there 's going to be a lot of fun !
participate in karaoke and rock the house .
even if you ca n't sing , have a lot of fun faking it !
it 's all about having fun with friends !
it was a christmas party
everyone was having a great time
mixing drinks and partying it up
acting goofy lost in conversation
they even played a few card games as well
on new year 's eve , we went to a friend 's to celebrate .
he popped open a couple of champagne for all of us to enjoy .
he served delicious food . we devoured the turkey .
after dinner , we put on our party hats and started blowing our party favors .
at the end of the evening , we all had a cup of coffee to sober up before driving home .
we started the night out with some wonderful udon at our favorite restaurant
and , then we returned home where we popped the champagne .
ate some wonderful cake and desserts .
and , we even had party supplies . like these annoying horns !
[male] finished the party off with his usual cup of coffee and explained , `` this is how you know i 'm getting old . ''
i had a great time at the office christmas party .
first we had to tell everyone who their organization organization was .
then we opened the champagne .
some preferred to stick to coffee .
i started making my list of ideas for next year 's party
when [male] walked up to the door he saw the merry xmas sign .
[male] walked in and saw the party was in full swing .
[male] was making mixed drinks for everyone .
[female] and [male] were eating and playing a funny game with crowns .
the fun game continued out into the living room where [female] won .
it was the girl 's birthday and she got many presents .
her friends looked at her while she opened them .
her favorite was a dog toy .
her friends talked and drank at the bar .
they ordered many drinks and got very drunk .
we decided to hold a birthday party for one of our good friends .
she looked very happy with some of the gifts she got .
everyone was talking up a storm . it was hard to get somebody to sit still for a photo .
are n't her glasses just hilarious ? !
we decided to do some dancing near the end . it was a great night .
we began giving our friend her birthday presents .
our friend was loving her gifts .
it was great getting the chance to socialize with everyone .
we had a lot of fun playing around with gag gifts .
the atmosphere in the venue was perfect for the occasion .
[female] was jealous of [female] 's present . she wanted to snatch it out of her hands .
[female] 's friends eagerly awaited for her to open the present .
[female] ripped it open and was stoked to see the stuffed animal .
[female] asked britany where she had purchased it so she could make a trip .
it was the end of the night and everyone started to go home .
her best friend had bought her a lovely gift .
her other friends were giggling in anticipation .
she opened all her gifts for everyone to see .
guests she had n't seen in ages came .
the night ended with everyone having drinks at the bar .
getting everything ready for the get together . so many balloons !
friends have arrived . time to start the grill and have some fun .
look at all this yummy food . ca n't wait until it 's ready .
oh wow , three birthday cakes to eat too .
everyone has eaten and now just relaxing and hanging out together . no better way to spend an evening .
it was the man 's birthday and his wife made him balloons .
he was worried his hair was in a mess .
his friends gathered at the park to celebrate .
he blew out the candles on his cake .
at the end of the day he was so tired that he fell asleep on the ground .
i had a barbecue party at my house last weekend .
everybody from work was there .
we had a lot of different kinds of meat and vegetables we were grilling .
everybody brought some kind of dessert .
i had a great time as did everyone else .
the annual family barbeque is finally here .
so many family and friends have come to have fun and eat a big dinner .
with all kinds of food on the barbeque pit this was going to be a good meal .
there was even cakes to serve after the family barbeque .
after eating everybody sat around on blankets talking about entertaining times growing up in the family .
today , several people are getting ready to throw a birthday party for a friend .
the party was being held outdoors .
there was a variety of foods to grill .
three birthday cakes had candles stuck in them and were ready to be lit .
everyone gathered together and chatted while they ate all of the food and celebrated the birthday .
look at this amazing cake that mom made for the party .
there was a nice spread of food , including homemade sushi .
setting up the dancefloor for the party .
min jung getting ready to dance .
he she is singing a [male] [male] song on karaoke .
it was min jung 's birthday .
they ate lots of food at the party .
she smiled and posed for cameras .
she sank karaoke .
she danced at the end of the night .
last weekend was my friend 's birthday .
we spent a lot of money getting the whole party catered and set up .
we wanted it to be a surprise .
she was very surprised and happy when she showed up .
afterward she got up on stage and started singing .
min jung 's friends threw her a birthday party .
there was a ton of food available .
here is min celebrating .
min decided to get on stage to do some karaoke .
she was embarrassed , so her friends joined it to ease the mood !
it was a big bash as friends gathered to celebrate min 's birthday .
all kinds of food was served during the party .
min and her friends got together to sing some karaoke under the disco ball .
min was the life of the party .
she continued to belt out tunes late into the night .
this man wanted to party
he went to the bars to grab drinks and food
he talked to this girl for awhile and got her numer
his friend ate steaks while they were there
he ran into his other friend lee at the end of the night
lady having a relaxing time and drinking wine .
waiting for the food to arrive .
tasting a spoonful of chocolate cake .
having a good time with his best friend .
boyfriend and girlfriend ready to dance the whole night through .
[male] went to the bar with his friends last night .
[male] spent the night flirting with all of the ladies at the club .
his friend [female] was enjoying some red wine at the bar .
the food at the bar was delicious .
it was a great night for [male] hanging out with his friends .
my friends are getting married and tonight is a dinner to celebrate !
we went to a special restaurant and ordered drinks and food .
the chocolate cake was amazing and everyone had to have a slice .
we danced and partied all night long with friends and strangers alike .
the happy couple posed for photos to capture memories of the start of their new life together .
i snuck picture of him while he was was paying attention .
takes candid pics while nobody was looking .
she seem to really enjoy that wine .
he said the bite was especially delicious
had to take a picture of these two friends
we were so excited to see our first cirque show !
these acrobats had amazing balance .
this contraption looked dangerous but fun .
the clowns in this show were hilarious .
what a great night under the big top .
we went to go see a circus , it was my first one ever .
this man was balancing thirty feet in the air , without a net !
there were many intricate dances . i 'm sure i could not do something like that .
this trapeze artists took everyone 's breath away . she was beautiful .
it was a great experience , i hope to come back soon !
this was my first night at the circus .
they started off small with a tightrope walker ,
but got bigger with these acrobats .
these animals were my son 's favorite part .
at the end of the night , we were all happy to have seen the circus .
the circus has come to town and they are ready and set for some entertaining fun .
a man is walking the tight rope in the event making the crowd very nervous .
people watch in amazement as the wheel of death spins with two daredevils inside .
funny characters entertain between the amazing shows making the kids laugh .
nightfall is coming and the circus is over , now everybody is heading home .
clowns entertain people at the circus .
the crowds are also treated to a show of skilled tight-rope walkers .
the acrobats never fail to put on an amazing show .
the best part of the circus , for kids , is the when the elephants come out to perform tricks .
at the end of the night , people leave the circus tents with smiles on their faces .
we made a lot of prep for a big party with friends . look at all the drinks !
everyone was having a good time , recalling old times .
our friend decided to show up . it was a great surprise .
we played a few games along the way , including charades .
i hope everyone had a great time , because i sure did !
a group of friends got together this weekend .
a bunch of food and drinks was prepared for them .
they caught up with each other for the first half of the night .
the night then progressed into a bunch of games .
everyone seemed to have a great time !
we were all stocked up fir one helluva party .
the girls were telling stories and drinking wine .
in came the fellas to play some catch up .
everybody started to really let loose .
a group shot of a great night with friends .
[female] and [female] were well prepared for their new year 's celebration .
everyone was relaxed and chatting .
until [male] jumped up and shouted , `` let 's play charades ! ''
[female] thought it was a dumb idea , but everyone really got into it .
the night ended with a rousing chorus of auld ang syne .
the key to a great party is plenty of snacks and drinks .
some people want to make that everyone can hear their stories !
things got more lively as the night went on .
as the room got more crowded , the party got wilder and wilder .
[female] just could n't keep her hands to herself .
today was my bachelorette party . lots of my friends were around .
we went to a very fancy restraurant .
oh my gosh , i was so scared when the chef was slicing the meat !
they even put a fake ring on me and asked me to kiss other guys .
we danced until the end of the night , it was amazing !
the friends have sat together for a nice dinner on the week-end .
[male] has mentioned his new ring and the ladies want a closer look .
it is admired by all , but it is on his right hand so it does not mean that he is engaged and thereby off the market .
[male] has enjoyed the attention and now turns his focus to the ample dessert he has selected .
he has had ten bites and has hardly made a dent in the dessert . he decides that he ordered too much and will share the dessert with these friends . it was a nice meal .
the family had a big dinner together at a local restaurant .
they did n't know what this sign said , so they took a picture of it to figure it out later .
the waiter brought them an amazing slab of meat .
one of the family members showed off her engagement ring .
after dinner , they all danced for a bit
the gang got together tuesday to celebrate with a great dinner .
the location location restaurant was a real gem .
the waiter was a blast and added to the experience .
one guest showed a cut on his pinky .
afterward , everyone danced the night away .
we went to the espetus churrascaria to celebrate the engagement of [female] and [male] .
churrascarias give you a sign to tell the servers when you want to be served . green means `` go '' and `` red '' means stop .
they carve the barbequed meat directly on your plate and they do n't stop coming around until you turn your sign from green to red . it 's so much food .
the men were still eating but the women were more interested in [female] 's beautiful new diamond ring .
after dinner , we decided to work off all those calories by going dancing .
i might have had too much to drink .
or maybe it was the pizza .
all of a sudden things started to feel quite different .
the buildings around me began swirling and the lights started to dance into streaks of lighting .
until everything became a vortex of light .
today was my friend 's birthday party . he loved the gifts .
we decided to go visit a popular restaurant in town .
the food there was amazing . he looks so happy after tasting it .
there was even a mr. t. game machine of some sort . really cool !
he looked really tuckered out after a night with friends .
it is my 21st birthday so i went out to drink and party .
i ate a lot of pizza and other great foods .
the night became more and more of a blur as it went on .
the lights were bright and spinning by the end of the evening .
i do n't remember much after that but from what i recall i had a blast !
his night out started with some drinking .
the pizza smelled delicious so he decided to have some .
then there was more drinking and more pizza ; things started to spin a bit .
maybe that was too much drinking with everything spinning .
woah ! definitely too much drinking and time to get a cab home .
[male] and i went to this crazy festival .
best pizza ever .
[male] was not feeling so hot , to many beers .
i took a few cool shots playing with the setting on my camera .
this one is making me a bit dizzy . i guess a few to many beers for me also .
everyone gathers around for a house party for celebrations .
they talk and laugh together in their reunion .
friends separate and gossip about the latest news .
[male] smiles warmly at the camera as they wait for the food to be finished .
the hamburgers and hotdogs cook in the background .
[female] blows out the candles on her cake .
uncle bill has already started to celebrate a bit too much .
cousin [female] really had a good time at the party .
[male] was thrilled just to relax with a beer on the deck .
we ate a wide variety of delicious meats for dinner .
we all had a get together .
we laughed and reminisced .
and even flirted with eachother .
some of us got bashful .
and are delicious food .
a party of the century began at eight o c'clock in the morning .
[male] was making everyone laugh that day .
marisha learned a secret about the art of sewing from a neighbor .
[male] was feeling good about the party .
a plethora of meats were roasted and consumed at the party .
a group of friends decided to get together for a party .
it was a nice day outside and everyone was enjoying themselves .
people were communicating and getting in touch .
this guy was posing for a photo to post on facebook .
there was alot of food and drinks to go around !
its her son 's , [male] , birthday today !
his mom got him a huge cake .
they also got a big card for all the visitors to sign .
his younger cousin also came !
his dad and older brother are very excited for him on this day .
it was philip 's birthday
he was sad because he was unable to walk
his wife got drunk because she wanted to leave him
they recently had a baby
philip 's mom took care of the baby because the couple 's relationship was really bad .
last week was my birthday .
my parents threw me a party to try to cheer me up because my leg broke last month .
a lot of family members showed up .
they brought their new babies .
everybody had a great time and it cheered me up a little .
mom and the baby get ready for the birthday party .
the beautiful cake for [male] !
a giant greeting card being signed by [male] 's friends
[male] and [female] with their baby at the party .
young [male] and his dad at the table ready to eat cake .
today is [male] 's first birthday .
he got his first cake .
everyone signed a big card for when he 's old enough to read it .
his baby cousins came to celebrate .
even the older kids had a good time .
here is a grandmother rolling up for a birthday party thrown by the local community .
she seems to be enjoying her meal .
her husband is sitting here conversing with a friend while she eats .
the cake finally comes out and the grandmother is ecstatic to see the firecrackers .
afterwards , everyone seems ready for some cake !
here comes the birthday girl .
celebrating grandmother 90s birthday .
singing happy birthday to their grandmother .
blowing off her candles .
grandmother surrounded by her children and eating cake .
granny really enjoyed her last birthday once she actually made it up those stairs .
first we had a nice dinner .
then we lit a huge candle on her cake .
a little boy helped her blow it out .
then we all ate a piece before heading home .
here comes the star of the party ! love you gramgram !
there she is enjoying lunch .
she loves the sparkler on the cake . fun !
ok , somebody wan na cut it ? gramgram wants her cake !
yeah ! cake ! gramgram loves it .
it was grandma 's birthday today .
the family got together to celebrate .
grandpa was looking on and excited for his wife .
they presented her with a beautiful cake .
she blew out the candle and everyone continued on with the party .
there was a party today .
the main attraction was the pinata !
after the pinata bursted , everyone ran to get candy .
here is one of the party goers fooling around wearing the pinata head .
the day after , this is what remained of the pinata .
the [male] pinata was a big hit with the kids .
not much longer now until a candy explosion .
the kids charge the loot like hungry cats to a fish .
[male] looking a little worse for wear .
that didnt stop the kids from resserecting him .
last week i had a birthday party for my child .
i set up a pinata for everyone .
they could n't break it open so i did it for them .
i destroyed the pinata .
i wore it 's head as a trophy .
we were beating up grimace with a broom .
i knew we should 've let a child go first .
lots of suckers and toys inside of grimace .
grimace poops candy !
rar ! did i scare you ? tell me honestly .
the family gathers to celebrate the child 's birthday party .
dad turn to take his turn on the pinata .
what a great hit by dad . all the candy fell out .
dad being silly with the pinata 's head .
the pinata after it 's beating . great birthday party
i clean the messes . i am a municipal worker .
my day started out normal , a few tossed trash bins , trash , the usual .
some graffiti -- i 'll never understand the obsession some people have with organization organization in this town . it did n't take much to get that down .
now this was something special ! i saw this at the end of my run -- almost entirely unused and ready for the taking .
my ride home was n't any special , but i managed to find this just outside my porch . was this a sign ? was i being rewarded for my thrifty ways ?
talk about a huge mess !
everything looked like a landfill .
there was garbage everywhere .
and lots of stuff was broken .
there was even graffiti on the walls .
it is amazing the mess you make while trying to clean !
it looks like someone tried to enjoy some wine over here .
the litter on the floor will be a huge task to dispose off .
the condition of the over hang needs immediate attention .
it would seem that organization organization fans also admired this building .
we decided to buy this building for our business .
there was a lot of trash laying around outside .
there was also some painting on the outside walls .
we took time to clean it all up and give it a fresh coat of paint .
in the end it was worth it because it made the building look so much better .
our trip to the inner city was not very pretty
there were piles of trash next to building as we walked along
grafitti was a common sight
the alleys and building have a few signs of human activity
the late afternoon sun partially hides an empty beer can
all was quiet on the beautiful mountain top
the views could take your breath away
the lights shimmered in the distance
there was something about to happen you could feel it
suddenly boom a the volcano erupts !
location at night is beautiful .
there are even atomic bomb blasts .
and amazing sunsets .
not to mention huge mountains .
and gorgeous lakes .
while driving through a city , i saw these lights going off .
the next set of lights looked literally as if they were on fire .
watching the sunset always makes me feel so calm .
the mountain in the background looks like a mound of ice cream .
for this to be the last scene before the sun fully sets is magical .
these sun sets are amazing .
the view from here was the best i had ever seen .
there were lights off in the distance signifying something was there .
to me the sunset was more amazing than the lights off in the distance .
as i turned around i saw a large explosion way off in the distance . i never heard what it was .
when it was night time , we watched fireworks .
the colors exploded in the sky .
the next morning , the lake was calm as the sun came up .
we could see a huge hill across the lake , drenched in the early morning sun .
as the sun rose , it illuminated clouds and hills on the other side of the lake .
today was the big rally .
lots of people showed up .
it was to support the talley family .
everyone was there .
it showed lots of support .
my grandfather , [male] worked at a plant that manufactured fake dog poop and they went on strike because the pay was low .
for the first day of the strike only a few people turned out .
but the strikers numbers grew in strength and they became more vocal about the bad conditions at the factory .
they blocked the sidewalk on the main road that goes to the factory , and yelled at passers by .
as the protest continued they were all fired , and had to go on welfare .
we arrived at the protest with signs in hand .
we posed for pictures with fellow protesters .
everyone was united for our common cause .
the crowd of protesters kept growing .
together we showed our commitment to our community and our passion for our cause .
there was a very important rally going on today .
these people were trying to show others what was going on in their lives .
many people joined them throughout the day .
it made for a very big rally .
at the end of the day i was glad that i was able to be there to witness it .
a protest agains the tally family by it 's workers
one family that has been impacted by the recent tally family decision
we must unite in order to save our dignity
we hope you get the message
we can only hope the tally family will now listen to our concerns .
heather decided to go visit some friends
this was her cat named felix
they took the bus to get there
and they arrived the friends house
and had a great time with good conversation
i went to my friends place yesterday .
he was glad to see me .
afterward i went home and fed my new kitten .
the next day i went to work .
there are so many strange statues near work .
relaxing after a long day of sightseeing .
[male] watching some local tv .
the kitty was getting lonely .
we saw this place too . pretty rad .
if only everyone lived by these rules .
[female] was happy to get a cat .
his name is fluffy .
they got him food from the gas station .
took him home to their apartment .
they were not as happy about the cat as location .
we had a great time this weekend
everyone came to the hotel
even the cat got into the action
we went to the state house
and we learned about humanity
the gun store was right down the street .
we had to go through the city to get there .
we found this church next to the gun store .
we also found this weird shack looking house near the gun store .
the street was not very busy that day .
in location location , there are a lot of places to get married .
one place is at the location location location , which has a 24 hour drive up window .
another place to get married at is the location location location location location .
some couple want to get married at cupid 's wedding chapel because it sounds romantic .
a lot of people that get married in vegas choose the graceland wedding chapel , so they can get married by `` [male] '' .
this is my first day in the city . i hope its everything i imagined .
well this is odd , ive seen these in movies but i never thought they existed in real life .
do people really use them , i feel like it isnt the best way to go about it .
now this is more like it , its quite quaint .
and seems alot more personal .
i saw an ad to go shoot a real machine gun .
i set off into the city to go and find it .
i looked far and wide .
but i could n't find it .
i saw a wedding chapel and decided to go and get married instead .
i went to location location with my girlfriend .
no we did not get married !
okay maybe my girlfriend is trying to tell me something by taking pictures of all these wedding chapels .
hopefully she just wanted a collection .
well maybe someday we will return to elope.w
getting out of bed look .
brushing teeth before eating breakfast .
drinking a cup of orange .
cooking ramen and hot dogs for breakfast .
about to eat a bowl of ramen with chopsticks while watching a tv show .
i 'm setting up my hip hop electronic drum beat program .
taz is getting ready to get his trumpet blasting .
[male] and [male] are warming up and tuning their guitar strings .
[male] and jed are working base and rhythm licks .
i 'm checking my messages before we begin to jam out .
[male] awoke and started his normal routine , a selfie to begin the day .
then , it is time to pick from his numerous toothbrushes .
followed by his favorite , orange juice , to drink .
and , a wonderful noodle dish hits the stove .
and , finally , into his bowl .
classic good times , band practice at the bass player 's house .
here i am on saxophone . it gave our band a jazzy sound .
our two guitarists are brothers , and have been playing together ever since they started .
here 's another shot of them jammin out to their own song .
unfortunately our lead singer would n't put his phone down long enough to practice anything .
he sat up the den for the band to practice .
he made sure all the instruments were plugged into the amps .
he got an extra chair for the bass guitarist .
the two of them practiced guitar while waiting for the other band members to show up .
finally , they decided to text message them to see if they were still coming .
the basketball team is huddled together and getting ready to win the game .
number 24 showing off his jump shooting skills .
number 24 teammate getting above the rim and making his own highlight .
the little guy showing off his jump shooting skills in the game .
the team celebrates after a victory .
the team getting ready for the match .
match is underway !
brief break for cheer leading show .
the team discusses tactics .
one player is fouled .
the team decided to play a charity game for breast cancer awareness .
our best player went up for a three-point shot .
dunking is a favorite move for most of the team .
every shot counted .
it may have just been a charity game , but we celebrated the big win .
this was a very important basketball game .
there were many good players there .
there were a lot of amazing shots made .
some of the shots were not so good .
in the end this team won and they were very excited .
it is the district championship for the basketball game .
number 24 hits the three pointer .
and the dunk is good .
this shot is for the win ... he makes it .
the team is so happy to be champs !
this is my friend .
we went to a street fair that had amusement rides last weekend .
we rode some of the smaller rides first .
after the lines got a bit shorter , we rode some of the bigger rides .
we had so much fun , we stayed until they closed .
fighter pilot trainees practicing high-g maneuvers ?
helicopter rescue and recovery practice ?
a worried mom only sees the dangers of the amusement park .
but her children 's fantasies are unleashed by the rides .
dream of space stations rotating in the space above us . the trip at light-speed to our neighboring galaxies !
the group were all waiting in line for the roller coasters .
they were finally at the front of the line .
and they all got ride their favorite ride .
some of the rides flung them around on robotic arms .
the whole group had a great time at the theme park .
the family went to the amusement park today .
they gathered in line for their favorite ride .
safety is very important so they made sure to buckle up .
the ride took them much higher than they thought !
the could not wait to go back on again but sadly it was nightfall and the park was ready to close for the evening .
a group of classmates were taking a trip to an amusement park for the afternoon . the students were waiting in line , and one of the girls even posed for a quick photo .
the group of students watched two boys get off one of the spinning rides . they looked as though they were a little dizzy , and the students could hardly wait to get on themselves !
the students finally got to the front of the line and rode in the spinning cars . a few of the students felt a little sick and decided to sit the next ride out .
those of the group who were brave enough got on an even bigger ride . some of them were scared about being up so high , but most had a great time .
the students stayed until late at night , when the park finally closed . as they drove away and watched the bright lights start to shut down , they decided that they had experienced a great afternoon and evening .
today was the big hike .
we saw waterfalls .
there were a lot of trees .
some strange fungus grew on a leaf .
and a huge mushroom that was orange !
it was a wet day as our group met up to go hiking .
we saw great sights , including a waterfall along the trail .
it was a long trail , but the path was well kept .
after the hike , we settled down for a lunch in the shade .
at the end of the day , we had coffee with our new friends .
our nature group was getting ready for the hike today .
around the corner we spotted these beautiful falls .
we seem so insignificant compared to the beauty of our surroundings .
this piece of fungi looks surprisingly like an antler set .
it is amazing how something like mold can have so much beauty .
the senior citizen group got together for a nature hike .
they hiked to a scenic waterfall .
they walked on the paved trail through nature .
after the hike they went to a local restaurant to eat .
they chatted over some coffee .
today was the day of our family reunion .
we went hiking through some trails .
we found some very interesting things along the way .
we guessed that these were antlers of some tpe .
this looked to us like it was some type of sponge or fossil .
the nature park was beautiful .
signs marked essential points on the ground .
trees were tall and eye catching .
the group found several outdoor adventures to pursue .
the trails were dirt and gravel .
while on vacation , we went hiking .
we went into the woods .
after walking for awhile , we came to an old cabin .
it was tucked away in the trees .
we had a wonderful time exploring the forest and all its surprises .
looking out across the fields it looks like a whole lot of fog .
the sign has to be written in english and asian for everyone to understand .
why is there so much fog over these trees .
i will see if i can rest here from all the walking the walking through the fields .
now i can see there is not a whole lot of fog on this side of the woods .
we approach location location .
this is only men only mountain in location .
the mountain has many tall trees .
a rest structure .
we descended the mountain late in the afternoon .
hiking in the mountains of location reveals many beautiful vistas
location location prohibits women from climbing this holy mountain .
the mists lingered even into the afternoon .
showing proper reverence to this ancient holy site .
visiting the ruins of temples destroyed hundreds of ears ago .
model doing her makeup by professional make up artists .
model getting her hair done for the shoot .
director showing her house to smile .
posing for the camera .
looking at the pictures and choosing the best ones .
modeling is n't easy .
lots of effort goes into getting ready for the right picture .
an expert applies makeup .
the wardrobe has to be just right .
if everything is done right you might get a great picture .
i loved being at the photo shoot today .
there were a lot of people there that knew what they were doing .
they applied a lot of make up .
i got to try on lots of different clothes .
it was a lovely day .
the model sat in the chair to get her makeup
and her hair done .
then she worked on her expressions for a little while .
afterwards , she put her outfit on and modeled her heart out .
the editor then sat down and touched up her photos so that they could be sent to print .
the girl is putting on makeup for the photo shoot .
the girl is getting her hair done for the photo shoot .
the girl is posing a smile to the camera .
the girl strikes a pose for the camera during the photo shoot .
the man reviews the images on the computer .
[male] and [male] find themselves stuck in the desert , with no where to go .
everything is just rocks and sand .
ahead they find a lone mitten , to them it is an omen of doom .
they see water in the distance , but alas , it is salt water .
they join hands and jump from the vertical cliff , ending their misery .
two men enjoying gods amazing features out in the world .
the water splashing up against the rocks .
out in the distance the beautiful blue sea which looks like it could go on forever .
getting closer to the water makes the water even bluer .
finally head back to the top of the mountain and enjoy watching the waves splash against the rocks .
it was father 's day weekend and my son decided to take me out near the hills . it use to be our favorite spot to just hang out . that was years ago .
just seeing the sandy dunes brought back dozens of memories .
we stumbled upon a girl sock . she must 've been out here with her family as well .
the imagery of this spot is beautiful beyond words .
i 'm glad my son took me out here again . real life had gotten the best of us . the crystal blue water , the lush green trees ... it was a wonderful father 's day weekend .
two friends went to the rocky coastline to hike the rocks .
they hiked down to the water 's edge .
the rocks were smooth from the tide waters .
the view of the ocean was spectacular .
some trees still thrived on the rocky coast .
the mother and son went to the beach .
they stood on the rocky cliffs .
as they stood on the cliffs , they looked towards the blue ocean .
they decided to walk closer to the edge of the cliff so that they could get a better view of the ocean .
when they looked down , they were surprised to see the edge of the cliff was grassy , when the top was so sandy .
they packed for the trip .
they walked for several minutes into the area .
they visited historic structures .
and learned about the building history .
both the interior and exterior were fascinating .
we are off to discover the hidden tower . it is a full days journey by car .
a long hike across the bridge .
a trek over the highest mountain .
we have found the tower . the signs say danger , but we are not afraid and push forward to explore .
oops , next time we might listen to the sign .
the group arrived and were ready for a wonderful hike .
they were all warned about safety and were off to wonderful views .
they reached the summit and realized that [male] was nowhere to be found .
then , they received a call and [male] had veered into a restricted area .
they found him with a medic and a sling on his arm . lesson learned , [male] .
i drove for hours until i finally got to the castle ruins .
there were some other people already there .
i had a great time exploring the entire site .
i had a chat with some of the other people there too .
it was a big place .
we prepared for a day of sightseeing .
the hike took us through the forest .
we were very high up .
we could n't go past some places though .
some of us were n't careful enough on the hike .
the helicopter landed in the middle of nowhere , dropping the explorers off .
the skies were a beautiful blue and seemed to go on for days .
the scenery was absolutely breathtaking .
although there was work to be done , it was hard to not pause and take in everything mother nature had to offer .
from the rugged terrain to beautiful bodies of water , this was certainly a majestic place to behold .
our group landed by helicopter to go on the hiking trail .
the trail wound around the hills through gorgeous scenery .
the view of the distant mountains was amazing from here .
the trail led us past this natural pool surrounded by rocks .
the lookout peak is where the trail ended .
we exit the helicopter and prepare for our walk in this remote area .
the trail we take goes for miles in this beautiful area .
we found this little lake in our walk .
this magnificent mountain huddles against the shore .
the setting of the sun offers us a glimpse of the beauty of our earth .
on my birthday my wife got me a private helicopter to look at the wilderness .
we started looking out into the mountains .
then went into them looking at a lake .
it was so beautiful seeing the mountains .
especially the wonderful sunset .
we had a once in a lifetime treat , landing by helicopter in a beautiful remote nature area .
there were trails through spectacular scenery .
we found an isolated beautiful little pond hidden among the rocks .
as it got close to sunset , we took some wonderful pictures .
the sunset was like little else we 've ever seen in our lives .
